welcome to Las Vegas where fortunes are
made on the flip of a
card these former high school math
whizzes are four of the best online
poker players in the
world they've pulled their money and for
one high stake summer they'll live and
play
together their goal to 2 months 2

million are we really close to the house
yeah we have hot neighbors our neighbors
we have like some like hot neighbors
yeah we're browsing through the listings
online Jay emailed them all and was like
how many hot 21y olds live on this block
welcome home boys bling blang blow here
is the
house oh my God what is this what it's
like Courtyard we have a courtyard in
our house we all come to Vegas every
summer oh man you know it's kind of fun
to like stay somewhere that just oozes
Las Vegas this is probably the best pool
of any other house that we ever rent in
Vegas so CR where's the War Room at this
way
voila boom nice nice it's pretty all
right should we play Let's Play what
else are we going to do now we play high
stakes online poker some of the highest
stakes in the entire world the war room
is our office it's where we make our
money firsts hand I sat down I just
stacked A Jones I have Aces against his
a queen on Queen High
board like many online poker players I
started with a $25 deposit when I was
underage and built it up to playing some
of the highest Stakes games online yeah
Brian check out and I played you jam the
Flop after he pots it or do you just
fold folding would be atrocious okay
dude he's a very lowlevel
thinker I've been told a few times I had
a problem with authority never did the
best in school ended up dropping out
during my sophomore year of high school
55k pot 55k pot gang but I have always
been sharpen math so upon learning poker
I mean I kind of almost had plans to
just start playing professionally I'm so
good yeah yeah you've got to switch back
to the fly trap no people don't take you
seriously when you have like a female
Avatar everyone knows who you are not
true my parents they're pretty typical
conservative Indian family at first they
were a little bit skeptical about me
playing progra professionally but when
my mom actually found out how much money
I was making she was like okay you need
to sit down and teach Dad how to play
I'm all in with a St 10 and I win 15K up
just like that easy game easy game
I didn't come from a lot of money I
started off with $100 deposit it took me
about two or three years to become a
23-year-old millionaire
oh that was sick 10K 10K right there
jaat Shalom
[ __ ] $100 first you get to the

top the Crown Jewel the master bedroom
boom he soothing seafoam boom look at
that W waking up in the morning spread
your arms out over the estate so we went
ahead walked through the house everybody
made kind of a mental hierarchy of which
rooms would be preferable so this is
probably the second best bedroom yeah I
don't know my mother would like this
Decor maybe the Red Room the Red Room
done in Great Taste of course got to
love the walls not all right so this is
the worst room you'll see so I'm going
to prise this by saying it came like
this and I didn't have time to
pain oh my God you've got to be kidding

me you must be kidding me you got a
four-bedroom house where one of the
bedrooms is just absurd it we'll paint
it it came like this though I don't
paint it is amazing we're not going to
paint it there is no way I'm sleeping in
this room no we're gambling we're
gambling I'm just saying I'm not going
to
lose yeah so we're going to play a
little poker tournament it's going to
determine who gets what room
oh oh my God
yeah I'm so nervous I don't want to lose
there's a lot at stake here three-way
pot

here big
room enjoy
princess Donnie is the newest addition
to the house oh why didn't I just fold
he's definitely a a member of kind of
the younger
generation Believe It or Not Donnie
being 22 and us being 25 and 26 we're
kind of like a little bit old school in
the poker scene that's pretty cool it's
time to start moving out of
here all the creepy dolls these have to
go oh my God how am I supposed to bring
a girl back to this

room no one will play me it's
frustrating there's no one who will play
me on the entire internet so this summer
the four of us we've uh set up this goal
to try to make 2 million 2 months I want
to sit here and stare at the screen can
it be done yes if we catch some breaks
that would help come on come on buying
for a reasonable amount of money Asian
shark 168 God this is sick this guy
cannot lose to me I'm stuck like 30 you
going be doing some
stunts the penalty
stunt the penalty stunt son is
punishment for the lowest earner for
every week and the purpose of these
penalty Sons is to force us to put in as
many hands of poker as possible in the
past I've pied a meal in the face he's
dressed up as a chili pepper and gone to
get a burrito from Chipotle I dress up
as a Smurf I went to dinner by myself
ask the other guys who they think is
going to have to do the most stunts
that'd be interested jeez that's crazy
I'm suck so much

oh my God I just got set over set by re
Queens Aces yeah versus Blue Job how
does that happen J's been playing some
uh epic sessions against this guy screen
name blue job I cannot beat him they've
had some sessions where they get like
50k deep each say he is not going well
it might seem like it's just numbers on
the screen but it is real money all in
Kings to Jacks no Jack no Jack no Jack
no Jack no
oh God no TW no s
ah you know you spend a month busting
your ass to make $50,000 you can lose
that in one day and that's just hard to
deal with that a month of hard work just
got wiped
away there's no way we're winning $2
million this summer absolutely no

way hey yo
you guys eggs getting cold I mean with
that b size like he expect me to fold
King ten or straight no no he doesn't I
met these guys about two years ago they
were looking for a personal chef to cook
for them while they were here in town
playing I was wondering how could they
how could they afford me you know maybe
I thought they were you know Mom dad's
money but the opposite was true with
these guys huge pot here
oh oh they begin to talk about how much
money they had one of the guys said I
think amongst us we've got about a
million dollars cash in the house I'm
like I'm in the wrong business it looks
like I have a straight or a boat you
guys ready to eat or want me to that b
size these guys want to make $2 million
in two months it's going to be a
challenge you know they can win it or
they can lose at all all right guys
breakfast time let's go Chef Robert's
going to get offended if we don't
what's up man how you doing em I see you
eating pancakes em loves pancakes and he
those pancakes with real maple syrup you
know what this is Brian pure maple syrup
emal all natural us gr EG I don't know I
think I think that might not be real
me's a vegetarian but he's probably the
the pickiest eater in the world he's he
doesn't like vegetables he eats a lot of
cheese pizza he eats a lot of pasta
other things not as
often me happy birthday thank

you whoever hits it first into the pool
5K you want to bet against me I just saw
your attempt maybe I'm hustling you what
are you going to do for a me's birthday
man let's have a circus in the backyard
for them with elephants Indian elephants
would like riding around you could ride
on top of them with like the saddle you
have to take a ladder up to them we can
get we can get like carnival games too
we can set up carnival games no
thousands of women tons of girls me
needs to have a good party
definitely Money Was No Object i' fly
out into outer space that's brilliant
let's buly him into space we can send
astronaut themed
evites oh all right I'll find a place to
have it you talk to Chef about the cake
Don will find some girls we'll send a
meal off into space like you've never
been to space before let me try
head

up how you doing Jay doing the power St
really how bad are you getting
beaten I don't know don't want to look
there are two days left in the week I am
well behind everyone stuck tons of money
to this one guy named Blue
Job brutality Jay's been doing
mediocre I can can not believe I lost
that pot he's been playing a lot less
poker this year when he has played his
results haven't been quite up to par oh
he called oh my God back in 2007 Jay was
one of the top No Limit players in the
world oh come on and when he went on a
down swing in late 2008 there was a
perception that maybe he's not as good
as some of these new up and cominging
players that was just a bunch of like
horrible hands all at the same time that
was gross gross though I'm quitting if I
get stucked here you lose confidence in
your game when you down swing that hard
and it's important that I prove that my
game is still sharp I can't even see a
single hand where you made a mistake
it's just been absolute brutality you've
like you flopped a set like almost every
hand which even Jay can't missplay oh
nice you're going to stack W out this oh
my God oh my God Jesus though you're
running bad well we're going to have a
red week it looks like damn it

oh my God this is obene wow
wow so you and I got to get back in the
mix of it tonight so we don't have to do
the penalty stuff yeah we're going to
put in a long session tonight I'm Rusty
man I definitely have lost some pots I
shouldn't have I've already played like
25,000 hands that's how that's how I'm
suck so much money I've just played so
many hands running running bad playing
bad but don't lose confidence you know
just because you've been losing doesn't
mean you're playing bad and just because
you played bad doesn't mean you're going
to continue to play bad you know that's
all in the past you can only learn from
it no excuses okay there's nothing that
should stop us from being the best
players in the world from this point
forward to
life yeah

spicy yeah real spicy how's it going
guys Tom and Phil were in the Venetian
stop by at dinner at aquinox morning
how's life Tom dwan is dur he's probably
the best online poker player in the
world and Phil as well he's definitely
known as one of the best in all poker I
don't I think Czech shoving sucks I
would either check hall or B am I as
good as Tom is yeah I don't know I'd
like to think so results aren't as good
as his but what Brian said is right
there's no reason that I can't dominate
like they

do oh
boy I'm down a lot of money most of it
to this guy called Blue job but I know
that I can figure out how he works
closing in on blue jobs money it's just
a matter of time I spent a lot of time
analyzing his game he's super AG dude
three bet is 40% thinking about the BET
sizes he was making and the timing
between his bets and checks picked up a
timing to on him basically whenever he
takes time he actually has a hand when
he instant checks the turn he has
nothing when he times and checks the
turn he's check calling so like I know
when I can steal the PA from him
basically really really easily more than
winning money at this point it's all
about me destroying this guy oh here we
go he's done boom look at that look at
that boom just w a 21k pot come on roll
32k look at this you're about to stack
him again 44,000 junior bacon
cheeseburgers if I get over 100k against
L I'll probably quit it was nice to be
on the positive side especially after he
was kind of running me over for a
while there we go 102 102 baby 100K
stack hey it so good yo you're leaving
me hanging dog
oh it's a huge relief because I would be
depressed all night and not have a good
time at ail's

party dude CR what are you doing I'm
poker dude we're supposed to be getting
ready to go to the
club you're not ready you're not ready
this black three you know what talk Hold
Up
Hold way I I I I picture my entire

life Striker gentlemen and I use that
term loosely how are you guys good to
see you what's up man good to see you
guys man good to see it happy birthday
to you Striker is a well-known Vegas
coner one and Striker just takes care of
everything my motto to these guys is be
careful what you ask for cuz you're
probably going to get it gentlemen let
me introduce you to Novak he's my head
bodyguard nice to meet you your job is
to protect them make sure they have no
problems with anybody absolutely hands
in the middle 1 2 3 B welcome to
Vegas when you're rolling with the kind
of money these kids roll with sky the
limit man bam you guys like dancing yes
yes are you good dancer I would want to
say I'm a good dancer but mean
I don't embarrass

myself okay tell me
when ail in his lady game I mean you
know he's a single guy out in Vegas
vegetables have no protein than that so
like my protein sores are like Dairy soy
nuts 's a total package ladies he's got
brains he's got money doesn't e meat
what more could you ask for you think
that my sweater
is no I think it's Peach ooh I smell a
prop that coming if I win I get a 5
minute back rub okay okay we need a bet
settled really quickly do you think this
is peach or salmon salmon um I think
it's Peach oh damn
you are you enjoying this I bet you are
I mean I could be getting massaged by
like some gay guy it would still be

enjoyable oh man it's a pancake make

wish seriously both of you need to have
some of this pancake with pure mapel
syrup A+
so going each bir
boy let's all raise our glasses for a
moment to a great summer for all of us
to make 2 million in 2 months and a very
happy birthday for a fatel happy 25th

a I'm very grateful for the night this
is an incredible party for my birthday
grills me to hear you say that dude I
claimed that the sweater was Peach and
she said that it was salmon so that's so
funny because I described you as the guy
in the piece just some girls I'd say if
one was more correct than the other
salmon is more correct that is salmon I
don't think salmon I mean I I called it
Peach maybe salmon is a little

deeper all right so you guys want to
tally up the uh winnings for the week
let's see where we're at let's do this
we checked out the big board and saw who
was going to be responsible for the in
year old penalty stunt ail looks like
he's plus 8600 I am you're plus 42 right
2 28.6 G is the winning sessions for Jay
and then the losing sessions 24 44 49
124 so you're plus 4600 and then we got
Donnie and what's Donnie so he lost 195
195 all right so what are we as a group
for a grand total of
35k how about he just has to wear like a
purse or a pink fanny pack or something
something for a week I like that I like
that I say while he's shopping clip on
your bearings and healed Donny was the
first loser so how are we going to
publicly humiliate him how about frosted
chips he has to go to a salon get him
frosted and when the week is up he can
trim her
off he has to go through a buffet and we
pick like six different items and he has
to use his hand grab each one and just
like smash it into his
face I'd rather him go eat in public
wearing a ludicrous outfit

guitard py son I had to dress up in a
pink leotar with a little tutu and a
pink wig and go to the buffet and rock
out yall be doing alone tonight look at
those boobs what the hell are those oh
my God first thing he popped in my mind
is like where did those boobs come from
we never talked about the boobs I know
was that Daddy's idea hey we got
matching
outfits I pretty much just felt like the
man thought it was pretty exciting want
to come join me for
lunch I just come here to pick up girl
yeah to pick up girls and you know show
off my
boobs oh thank
you what you doing tomorrow don't yet
you want to go to dinner sure yeah yeah
okay maybe I should just start going out
in the tutu all the time because it's
usually not that easy I was pissed we
obviously didn't make him wear something
ridiculous enough if he's still like
gaming up girls while dressed like that
got that girl number I told I go Buffet
to buffet around Vegas picking up girls
in my pink wi you guys proud of

me this like it's like Sho fishing a
bear
I lost lost 30k today wow so I started
drinking this girl just took over her
clothes and jumping in the pool oh no oh

no welcome to Las Vegas where fortunes
are made on the flip of a
card these former high school math
whizzes are four of the best online
poker players in the world
World they've pulled their money and for
one high stake summer they'll live and
play
together their goal 2 months 2

million
nice man Brian my socks are higher than
yours today yeah I
pull I bet you that I hit that Fairway I
gu even money
bet bam oh I got some distance in our
world gambling on everything is
basically standard what kind of odd will
you give me on making this putt I'll
give you four to one there's nothing
that we wouldn't bet on
it's 4K Donny Will Survive Z1 on hitting
the Fairway 10 one on 1K yeah both I'll
give you 13 to
one 13 to one seems more than
fair Donnie's the rookie he endures some
mild hazing every once in a while you
want to go first yeah do it that was not
a goodlooking practice swing I'd say
take another practice swing that had
some Charles Barkley in
there you don't have to hit it far why
you swinging so hard I wasn't swinging
hard I saw the violent swing you could
have killed somebody with
that how the am I supposed to hit that
ball in that
direction slow down Donnie I'll bet you
you cannot hit the tree
give me two to one come on he's not
going he's not
the yeah baby how did he do that how did
he do that so who's stuck and who's up
I'm up one I'm up one okay I'm up one
too so Donnie you owe everybody

1,000 I won Theory wise it's a really
good spot to Bluff him we won the first
week not a lot you know basically we're
up a collective 35k it's not that far
from zero honestly we need to be putting
in a lot more hands trying to push it a
lot harder Donnie had a big losing week
and that took the group Total way way
way down all right guys I'm erasing last
week's results
okay hey this one 20K pot of in for
playing extremely well I stack small
crunch Queen's all in Pre versus his
nines on a roll I've got a set it's the
nuts I'm going all in you three bet me
just called and just bat bat jammed I
just called I checked Jam the
turn nice and I'm up 70k yo we got all
in here we go here we go ker KN ker KN
ker KN oh you

won I'm
losing such a terrible session after
losing the first week I wanted to make
some Headway into week two but didn't go
so well we're in a 10K
pot and we missed we're down
5K come on Donnie quit sitting like that
you're tilting me quit sitting like that
dude why sitting up straight is not
comfortable for me oh God come on
there's no way you can like play your A+
sitting like that no way what the hell
are you what does it have what do you
mean why not because you have to focus
and think very hard and like you know
you think harder when you're sitting up
yeah absolutely if I'm sitting like that
I'm losing that's all there is to it
he's probably the least experienced and
weakest player out of the group for him
especially he needs to be paying
attention I don't know what's worse
Donnie your golf game or your poker game
1 2 3 two 1 2 3 two one 2 3 two I can't

believe you beat him until so you said
the line right yeah I'll take the under
kill him this actually looks kind of fun
oh yes yes yes yes kill him kill him
kill him watch the grenade how did that
happen look at his life bar he guys this
place is a damn mess I think we should
get a PA to take care of like like the
Rand light bulbs that are out everywhere
we need to get a safe CU we have like so
much cashely need a pa pa for light
bulbs do we need a personal assistance
yeah I think we definitely should get
one we need to spend more time on trying
to hit this goal and less time playing
Halo yeah that's true I think it's cool
to have a personal assistant I guess you
know there's just a lot of crap that
need to get done that we're all too lazy
or too busy to do I had them I had him I
had him I think especially me you might
be one of the only people in the world
lazier than I am I'm going to have like
a bunch of candidates in within the next
couple of days and if you guys want to
be part of the interview process you're
more than welcome I'm doing it with you
J help

me this looks amazing awesome times in
Vegas
right my girlfriend Chelsea came to town
this week it's her first time in Vegas
since I've been here before it's sort of
my job to show her all the best
restaurants it's nice though to be up a
lot this week so I can hang out with you
I don't really have to play
joh is just playing and playing and
getting killed over and over do you
think it's Jers and things are playing
as well yeah exactly that's perceptive
yeah because when you're when you're
getting a lot of bad luck you're like
all I can do is lose yeah I can't do
anything right so you start playing
worse and and subconsciously you start
playing like a loser yeah you're playing
like a loser you're right you're not
playing strong i' still be happy if you
were here and I was losing what if you
were down like 100k whatever 200k It's
Only Money 500k 500K we wouldn't be a

koi who is this fat panda mother that
keeps winning all my
money
wow check all what dude what can you
have a flush you can have a boat
too that's true I guess I wasn't even
paying attention wow I think that was
terrible l I've been losing a bit of
money and it's going to be a bit
frustrated probably negatively affected
my mood a little

bit you start losing you get
unlucky and you sort of just go off and
you're just thinking
irrationally the Tilt room was Jay's
idea it's basically a room where you can
sort of just take out your frustrations
if you've had like a bad
session anytime that you know poker's
upsetting you you're on
tilt sometimes you need to take that
anger and depression out on

something Twisted in your head what's
going on tilt

strangely

rele you going to put a Plus on the
scoreboard this week no doubt where you
at right now you lost like 18K the first
session right I'm suck like 10K this
week sry so you're not too bad but
you're no one no one else is stuck so
how many poker all day tomorrow I'm not
losing two penalties CH Hound inow how
many hands you think you can play one
day tomorrow yeah I'll play like 12,000
you're going into a good oldfashioned
lockdown what do you mean I'm going into
a lockdown you heard me dude like Brian
says for every day is another chance to
prove you're the best player in the
world lock

down basically a poker the more you play
the better your chances are going to be
of winning assuming you're a winning
player up when are you starting your
Marathon now when you start playing you
know tens of thousands of hands the luck
Factor slowly dissipates all right
you're in lock down time to go play
poker all right frush some Souls the
plan I'll check in on
you so I read through these resumes you
guys haven't had a chance to see
them doesn't like doing things that
aren't poker or fun so he really wanted
to get add us an assistant hello I had
eight candidates resumés hi hello how
are you doing but it's really hard to
determine if someone's going to make a
good personal assistant so I came up
with some tasks we're going to send you
on a run and see how well you can do it
organize my closet wherever you think
the stuff goes I would like the biggest
size they have of strawberries wild
every time someone hits a ball this way
and rolls down this hill with a whe
protein boost some of the tasks were a
little unusual I want some like really
exotic fruits we need somebody to come
to the house to cut our hair we have a
bunch of golf balls sitting at the
bottom of the

pool damn
it what's up I'm losing I'm losing a lot
how long you even playing few
hours I just turned a set and I just
lost to 15K pot you know Donnie's young
and when I was his age losing was very
tough for me hopefully he'll man up so
what's the deal Ani how long how many
hands have you played so far today 778
778 down and how many to go like

9,000 like a college sht like this I
think would be better to hang meals a
demanding bom off you better have the
right Jambo juice for them at the right
time of the day they want haircuts if
you can't do that might as well hit the
road wait what the hell what is this I
mean a perfect personal assistant would
be trustworthy I don't think that's
yours and not mine either reliable
intelligent you want to use a razor for
The
Sideburns should have the ability to be
able to prioritize certain tasks tastes
kind of like a pear but not quite I
don't know if you want to eat the skin
dudee
she taking over her
clothing this girl just took over her
clothes and jumping in the pool to get
the golf
ball stuff like that only happens in
Vegas knows oh my
god did she get bonus points for like
enthusiasm or did she lose points for
just not getting a net

Yeah
Boy Donnie's lockdown was a good idea in
theory play a lot of hands make some
money but it didn't end up working out
that way so it it was lockdown mode
right like what you know but then I lost
like 30k
today and I didn't want to play poker
anymore so I started drinking Donnie
went out and got a little smashed I
don't think my parents realize that like
45% of my sessions I lose it's like
everybody's like that this guy's wasted
you set a goal for yourself and then
allow yourself off the hook too easily
probably not a positive thing what's up
I failed my
lockdown how'd you fail I told myself I
was going to play like for 24 hours
why'd you quit I was stuck we knew when
we said we were going to hit this goal
that we were going to have our work cut
out for it's going to be a lot of hand

poker dude he loves pocket peirs he
limps any pair real money is raised out
of the blinds what do you have I have
the
nuts I like your style
baby check check it
out the is Donnie at yeah I think he's
sleeping
sleeping Johny had kind of a bad session
decided to just blow off lockdown and go
out drinking sure I've definitely
drowned my emotions after a loss you
know what I mean when we down one we was
had the same dude you grew a Grizzly
beard and ran out to Vermont he's
playing like a loser you know what I
mean you guys know what I mean though
yeah well you's got to do is just like
win some pots out of that it's a bad
mentality for him to have though
expecting to lose are expecting to win
doesn't actually change the outcome well
it changes how you play in all the other
hands you just play differently we got
to get back in here and just grind with
him we should all play with him
today I spent the entire day
interviewing different
candidates we gave each of them a task
this looks terrific to sort of get a
feel for their dedication towards
solving the problem I think Stephanie
gets an A
minus all right let's see how Stephanie
did
I think she did a pretty good job J yeah
I mean I think it's a little bit close
between her and Noel how is it close
Stephanie has done this before a lot and
she's like really really organized call
her and hire her we have to hire her
yeah I
agree uh there are two dress shirts in
here j's got some laundry for you after
I saw all of the work that Stephanie put
into her task we definitely wanted to
hire her who exactly do I report do do I
just report to you or is it to all the
guys you're pretty much Jay and I's
assistant and Brian and Donnie can like
pretty much give you whatever they want
okay you know they're smart guys they're
kind of quirky they're not what I would
picture as a poker player any other
questions no I think I should be good um
okay okay okay

okay we want his to play better and feel
more relaxed so we hired a harpst for
him I thought she was awesome and she
was wearing like this Fairy Godmother
outfit and had this very like Angelic
way about her I feel really focused sort
of zenish really I think it's kind of
distracting so loud put on

headphones can we turn down the volume
at least
what just get headphones man shut up

yo this needs to go how do we
concentrate when like this thing is just
blasting it's a
harp it's not like she's playing the
drums softer please the meal what the
was that show her some respect I'm BL
Away by how much this bothers a
meal now I don't know if it was a harp
but I started winning and me started
losing
how's it going Donnie winning nice [ __ ]
dude it's the
harest finally Donnie started crushing
people and meal started getting
brutalized all right I'm down 25.5k
today how much are you down down 16,000
down like 16,000 so they started
converging on each other and they got
right to even it was a dead heat for he
would have to do the penalty son if it's
really close y'all should play heads up
for like we should do that if if it's if
it's ever within like
2K have to play a 5k sit and go go yeah
so they decided to do heads up death
match the battle will begin on Full Tilt
best of five the Victor will be safe
from the penalty sunun let's go
Donnie I want Donnie to win so badly I
want a me dude stay loose no stop it I
can't click the mouse oh here goes one
game they're all in on one I have Ace
King oh you do not have Ace King oh my
god oh no oh no oh

no
nothing we're all in a queen against
eight two nothing D up two nothing me on
the brink of the penalty St Donnie was
going down we're all in oh yeah
boy sh
it yeah but Donnie looks like he's
doubled
2 two
two the pressure's on Donnie make it big
make it big at this point I just thought
man there's no way I'm going to do this
P done two weeks in a row oh wow wow
Donnie how how do you call

there I'm mued out to the three bed
especially in this structure in this
structure I think that's significate
mistake hey no advice Emil and I decided
we were going to play heads up for who
had to do the penalty St Johny actually
had some outs against you he'd be folded
cuz he's a

bad yo quiet Donnie took a 2 lead but a
pulled even at 22 and it came down to
the final fifth match we're all
in oh God me baby Donnie went all in I
called big mistake for
Donnie wasn't too happy about that good
match
dude yeah even though Donnie to even
though lockdown didn't work out he
proved that he's committed we know he's
a strong poker player we're happy to to
have him here he's going to be uh a
strong part of the team he started out
going into the day way behind and
looking like he was basically doomed for
the penalty stunt so just the fact that
he gave himself some life I think that
was a morale booster for him okay let's
see how did everybody end up this
week woo 147 looks like a big plus Brian
and I had a really good week we crushed
everyone who came our way we made a lot
of money that's plus 46 a negative

11.5 and then there was Donnie minus

18.6 so for a total of
plus
162.5 over 1.8 million to
go no problem you know that's poker you
can't just just decide to sit down and
say I'm going to win today and you win
it doesn't happen like that sometimes
the poker gods are not smiling on you
but really you got to handle it like an
adult this is unbelievable he looks
great well considering that we had a
visit from the harpist this week my
penalty stunt was to play the harp on
Las Vegas Boulevard wearing pink fairy
godmother dress any requests and I could
have stopped playing once I made 20
bucks you like dressing like a woman
playing this thing yeah don't but you
don't do this ever any help ladies and
gentlemen thank you we just got his
first tip much obliged here you go you
look better in a dress than I do oh
thank you thank
you thank
you thank
you what are you doing no break time
your recital is not over you want me to
play Twinkle Twinkle Little Star

girls they like Donnie in that dress
what can I say My boys got game hot
thank you I don't know I think women for
some reason keep coming up to me when
I'm dressed in some sort of pink female
outfit you have very nice hair I'm
catching on to a secret strategy
$20 thank you everybody

house Wars
[ __ ] what would be the easiest way to
convince you to take off your patties
feel like you're a little too old for
that hell no here we go

baby welcome to Las Vegas where fortunes
are made on the flip of a
card these former high school math
whizzes are four of the best online
poker players in the world
they've pulled their money and for one
high stake summer they'll live and play
together their goal 2 months 2

million in a game with Robo ducky
vanilla vanilla and I spash rolls I
spash rolls Tom we have a stack against
MH deep stacked action after 2 weeks
we're up about 200,000 which is good but
it's obviously not pace to meet the goal
oh playit Casper is he good definitely
not he hit Rand me for $100 at 250 came
to my other table and hit and RAM me for

$50 just hitting R me for

$100 all right how much are we putting
on this let's put 1,000 bucks on all
right you spawn me eight points okay go
Gaines a 11 hey do you need a towel
clean your eye
out I Met A Jones at a poker tournament
he's definitely one of my better friends
in the poker World basically every
summer Las Vegas for 2 months just
becomes a Mecca there's just thousands
of kids professional poker players who
rent out a house and live with their
friends just like we're doing who do you
think win between my house and your
house football we would obviously win
what about poker whose house would you
take we obviously be a huge favorite
everywhere else be different we could
turn this into sumon our house was your
house the opportunity to challenge him
in any competition I take as a very
serious opportunity some want to make a
bat on that yes our house is your house
yes let about a billion dollars here we

go we went over to uh Aaron's Place
discuss term for battle ding dong what's
up guys the other house they're all like
newly turned 21 you know this is like
their first summer out in Vegas why do I
have a feeling that Andrew is not very
good at pool I'm actually kind of nasty
Andrew is lucky
chewy it's because when he was a little
kid he used to always eat chewy granola
bars I got those moves you know 21 years
old and he's a millionaire poker player
starky plays lower Stakes online games
than the rest of us but pretty ferocious
Steve's online screen name is Zagat you
wouldn't think to look at him he's just
a fear online poker player we're going
to be playing the Cadillac of Poker
we're doing five things no we're doing
three things I'm pretty excited for this
challenge the three house Wars
competitions are football nightlife and
poker and the loser after three rounds
cleans the other team's house clean our
house
[ __ ] it needs the cleaning he's
talking [ __ ] already I talk a big game
but I also play
one there's definitely a bit of Pride
here between us and the A Jones house
whatever we do he's in deep because I'm
good at everything you know there Young
Guns and Brian and Jay and Emil have
been around longer they're more of the
Old Guard of online poker all right guys
today football in the middle of the day
in the Las Vegas desert for the war to
end all
wars we're going to do

this the first challenge was football
I'm the quarterback cuz the rest of the
team throws like girls first team to
score seven touchdowns wins
okay ready Brian's competitive and he
likes other people to know that he
thinks he's going to
win oh my God I thought he'd never go
paper I'm pretty sure nobody's actually
better than me at this
game I'm just so competitive maybe even
ego driven I'm not going to let them
beat me let get me over quick no that
was nasty just throw it to me when a
Jones tries to hold me yeah yeah baby D
It Go dive in that that was one of the
worst passes I've ever
seen he pushed him out we'll give him
that oh yeah go oh pulling out my
pants Oh that's not that good of an

idea we should really just be exploting
chewy I can't hard see anything you
can't see anything all sweat in my eyes
we're try to go to you then well me I
can see the ball 54 to the Jews we need
to stop
bad s hi oh go go go I knew that was
going to go wrong why we try to do that
when we didn't practice it it was such a
bad idea sometimes the hole is more than
the S of it's Parts

Che G we're up one nothing challenge one
guys to the home
team is he Bluff here
probably I was up late playing and who
do you know sits with me but
Zagat I'm in the middle of some big pots
for massively high stakes zat's really
good he's 21 he's already made Millions
they're much better than we were when we
first started playing it's tough getting
killed so as Del King he raised the
button I re raised we're about 17 or 18K
deep the turn was a 10 so it gave me a
gut shot sh to the nuts if I hit a jack
on the river I'd be
golden the river is a queen oh my God
what a joke unfortunately he did have
three queens all right I'm downt of the
week awesome can't believe I just lost
40K Vegas

what's up Cassie hell H what's going on
how are you guys Cassie was a poker
dealer I was a poker player she was
Charmed by my trash talking at the table
maybe a little bit I don't know we've
been dating for 4 and A2 years we live
together in Texas so what do we got
going on tonight we are engaged in a
challenge with another house inner house
rivalry don't ask how this got started
the me Las Vegas kind of makes people go
crazy kind of just I guess bring him a
little bit sanity back first we played
him footb B we schooled them and then
there's a nighti challenge going on
tonight I just want to point out now
that this is my sixth night in a row
going out oh my are animals what did you
I thought y'all were playing poker this
weekend nope I don't know maybe the
house Wars is becoming a bit of a
distraction we're not playing any real
poker
really Cassie Intown I decided to let a
and j Donnie handle the NTI Challenge
and we went out to dinner
so how's it been going out of here you
know I don't know poker wise has been
pretty uneventful really it's just been
like a chill summer so far although I
don't know I think Donnie's gotten
wasted five nights in a row but he's
young so that is facing himself least
he's not getting wasted during the
daytime I didn't realize you had such
luses as friends I mean when you got you
know endless free time endless
resources what were you doing the other
day you were playing flag ball G oh yeah
the A Jones House house Wars
[ __ ] it wasn't pretty but we truck
feel like you're a little too old for
that a little too old for what playing
football against some guys FL football
in the backyard hell no never too old
she knows that I have a disease and I
think I'm smarter than everyone so I'm
not about to listen to somebody else's
advice what would make you an adult
Brian Roberts Parenthood I
guess not
buy why would buying a house make you in
dad doll who Brian and I actually been
looking to buy a house the last 18
months do you still want to buy a house
no
you don't want to buy because of the
market or you want to buy because of the
financial commitment I don't want to buy
because the
market I think what scared Brian is is
again that thing that commitment that
where am I going to be in 10 years and
you buy a house I mean that that's
permanent I'm happy because I really
like Cassandra you know the options are
to you know accept me and my
philosophies or you know don't what do
you want box of chocolates flowers blue
boxes next Christmas I'm going to go by
Tiffany ask them for the hugest box in
the store and fill it with coal with
coal it's not like he doesn't you know
think about me or bring me back things
it's just you know if somebody says you
need to or you have to immediately
Brian's first reaction is
no we going to go home I guess so maybe
play some internet poer or
something I'm playing this insane short
stack who just keeps R raising
we lose
this dude stop talking about such a fish
do you think I can buy more chips right
now con and wi he's pretty good yeah
he's about to stack me he's one of the
better players I think I he's one of the
top five players I've ever played heads
up I didn't know he played six M just
lost 30k I'm definitely not in the mood
to go out tonight Donnie and can go do
this NTI Challenge on the OWN

okay okay let's go let's go discussion
discussion all right discussion so we
have number one which is get a girl body
drink number two get a girl to do five
push-ups what's the third one get a girl
to take her panties off all right good
let's go all right are you guys feeling
adventurous at allc me are you guys
feeling adventurous adventurous I know
some girls from Minnesota nothing but
trouble of course I'm sure you're no
different I I think you I think um you
can't lie to me I'm a poker player you
think you can do five push-ups don't
roll your eyes you're you're a cute girl
but when you roll your eyes you look
like you're 40 I'll be
back if I got down on my knees and beg
you to do five push-ups beg you do one
for every four I do I'm just going to do
it okay let's give her some
space all right let's do it

what's your name Jamie Jamie you want to
buy me a drink going be buy me a
drink buy me a drink it was tough
getting a girl to buy me a
drink you buy me a
drink okay come come buy me a drink you
know I think it's unfair for guys to
have to buy buy girls drinks the time
you know
whatever I thank you you're welcome okay
let's have a cheers girl buying you a
drink know it that's nice cheers that's
nice
cheers boom let's go get a girl to take
off her
panties why thank you what would be the
easiest way to convince you to take off
your panties and bring them back here
you're going to have to take your
panties off and give them to me very
simple very simple task you just went
for it you just you you just swung for
the fence the first two tasks are fairly
reasonable the third task however get a
girl to take off her panties and give
them to you in a club better find a girl
who doesn't have a
mother Jenny appears to have a present
for me there's no sense of being
embarass what are what are these Jenny
these appear to be your panties that
were once that you were once wearing and
now you've given to me as a
gift hey
Donnie what do these look like to you oh

oh
wow they defeated us Fair as Fair they
got the girls

panties how you doing Jay Jay's not
having a winning session not even going
to bother accounting how I'm losing wow
this Rocket Man guy seems awful that so
brutal when you have A45 double suited
and the guy just limps the button I know
seriously have some self-respect
probably going to stack Rocket Man here
get deep Sol F obviously the board

perish J don't told
ever this guy's terrible oh oh my God he
bluffed he check R bluffed holy sh he
showed and he showed and I F it straight
terrific I canot believe he did that
reads are hard horrible right now let's
start thinking about what we're going to
make Jay do this week I'm not going to
be able to save my week and now all I
want to do is just crush a Jones lucky
chewy zad and starky I just want to
crush
them best of three heads up sit and goes
you're playing them all at the same time
we won the football Challenge and they
won The Nightlife challenge so it's all
going to come down to the poker face off
johnie can you tell me what we're
playing for here I I think it slipped my
mind
we're playing for you guys to clean our
disgustingly dirty house I can only
imagine what their house looks like I
don't want have to go over there and
clean up after
them ready to go Jay vers aot was the
first match oh yeah bab
yeah oh get your towels ready it's about
to go

down you know Jay sort of had the
opportunity to redeem himself I guess
oh
no fail G come on Jay what are you doing

so the second round was myself for chewy
I hope I just bad beat out of you soon
I'm hoping for the same thing here we go
baby come on oh man why does he always
have the pair they're just going at it
playing against somebody who is as solid
as he is oh thank God the edge either
way is minuscule come on come on suck
out Su one time baby we're going to win
Deuce
no come on at least I didn't get
SW I had to win the third match
otherwise we were out obviously I want
to beat all of them but I especially
want to be Aaron we had a bit of like a
rivalry when we play against each other
I'm printing money right now betting
against him playing like this I don't
want to be comfortable in your blank
poker you want to be a bald rage we're
all in to oh here we go oh

baby Donnie punish him for doing that
it's not looking good right
now this has got to be the most
aggressive heads up sitting go I've ever
seen
yes I got pretty lucky to hit a flush on
the river there the tables may be turned
oh oh come on going go down for the last
hand I went all in Aaron turned over
pocket Jacks which made him a favorite
always has the pair why do you get
pocket pairs every hand so I basically
need an Acer King to win

King thank God yeah wow King on the
river so BR to syn the Aon ship give me
a scanning report I don't know we're not
out of the woods yet if I sweep starky
we win the whole competition dude a meal
might sweep him coming down to the water
is a meal clutch or is he a choke
clutch clutch clutch clutch yeah yeah
baby come on a 3 0 3 0 you little
[ __ ] nice we got all of the ks hold
hold
yeah all right close it out sweet Win It
come on Emil you got this

no yeah all right close it out sweet win
this come on ail you got this if ail
wins we win the match if starky wins
we're going to
tiebreaker come on
Emil we're going to tiebreaker best out
of three everybody draws again whoever
gets the one plays A Jones versus I got
it Brian the general and it was Brian
against Aaron I mean Aaron definitely
was like putting his feet on the table
just to say you to Brian basically oh
there we
go oh wow what is happening here
yeah yeah
baby
sick they're going all in left right and
Center
boys come on Ace
a
baby finish him finish finish
him TI
Victorious that sealed the deal they
will be cleaning our house
game start you know something's wrong
with Aaron when he just shuts up for a
minute it's not usual that he'll
actually do
that okay let's see how we did this week
not that hot obviously despite getting
the victory in the house Wars challenge
we actually didn't have too great a week
playing online poker we did sort of lose
some focus and we didn't play that much
poker ourselves Jake did pretty marginal
he lost about 80k we just can't seem to
string together a bunch of winning
sessions and get just comfortably into
the black for the summer this period we
lost
84.2 can't believe we're moving
backwards this is
ridiculous so apparently I hear that Jay
does not want to do a penalty stunt for
what that is such bull the penalty stunt
this week was supposed to be a group
stunt but Jay lost a lot of money this
week so we decided to give him a hard
time for it seriously though what are we
going to make him do the uh the sex
offender stunt What's the sex Fender
thing again I don't really remember this
idea he's got to go door to door and
tell people that he's required by law to
inform them that he is a sex
effector what's he going to wear though
whatever he wants who

cares I don't understand why I'm doing
the penalties because you lost be did
not understand because the other house
they're cleaning our house that's
unrelated unrelated make any
sense that's not a penalty stunt that
wasn't that nothing to do with like I
don't care I'll do whatever I'll on
camera I don't care
he has to go to the strip and hand out
flyers for a workshop that he's putting
on yes and then get up in people face
and like start giving him like like a
banana he just got really pissy and
enraged and you know we decided he lost
tons of money that week so we kind of
let him off the hook but when he loses
again he's going to get a really really
bad penalty stunt
all right guys we all know what this is
clean up all this in the common area
clean our truck so you can
like squeeze it over squee the sponge
over your head they had to come over
clean our cars clean our house rub a dub
duub guys get to work go for that water
there's some way to get that to release
and that is not it there's got to be it
oh well
done there you go
you can get a girl to give her your
panties and put them on your head but
you can't clean the house what's that
that I've never done this before in my
life I know you never done this before
SE is the only one who's actually doing
some effective cleaning here the hosing
is obviously the most fun yeah get them
tires I think a t Dy would be okay the
back like rear left that looks like it
could use some attention yes yes this is

f yes work it girl

on this week's two months 2 million Jay
is in search of some high stakes action
against an old rival I don't think David
benam is ever going to play me meanwhile
Donnie is looking for a different kind
of action do you have a girlfriend
or welcome to Las Vegas where fortunes
are made on the flip of a
card these former high school math
Wizards are four of the best online
poker players in the
world they've pulled their money and for
one high stake summer they'll live and
play
together their goal two months 2

million let's check out some automobiles
so you thinking about buying one I mean
yeah sure why not why not I like that
these are ridiculous how much do you
think these things cost but this
Corvette that you were looking at here
there's only 200 of these in the world
this car sells for $619 and you got a 57
t- bird which is probably the uh nicest
t- bird in the world what is the cost
200 you know it's funny when you have
like a a minus or six fig losing day
you're like losing one of these yeah I
know that's it's not it's not funny at
all actually this one's $499 you drive
it yeah come with

me ow ow ow in high school I had to take
my dad's car and like showing up in that
piece of to like part is just so damn
embarrassing when I come to Vegas it's
nice because I get to ride in style when
we're out here this is awesome all
School D it like we stole it

it is a new day bling blang blow going
to win your money Swedish fish have one
I'm heads up with one meant the candy no
you didn't Jay he said Swedish Fish I
know what he said you didn't actually H
that I lost 80k last week and the team
had our first losing week so it's
important that we make up some ground
20K pot oh wow thank God I got that blue
job and I have been battling for the
past few weeks he's been up on me then
I've gotten up on him you're up 20 at
what 50 oh wow he still has a lot of my

money blue job's quitting me are you up
on him no he's not he's up in ton on me
blue job not playing me means I cannot
get that money back it's going to be
tough to make all this money this summer
finding really good spots is a big part
of it and blue job he's a really good
spot let's get out of here I can't be in
this room anymore

this Miss feels amazing how are girls
going for you Donnie shut up how you
been doing shut up come on I haven't
seen too many ladies at the house Brian
and Jay both have girlfriends they
definitely try to push me in the
direction of the girls hey this is
Johnny staring Johny give you your card
have a car no AC
speds all right we might need a refill
in she likes you she is

slamming dude not 100% certain but I'm
pretty sure Erica shenberg is in that
Cabana right over there
really Eric shomberg is a female poker
player and David Benjamin's fiance David
Benjamin is a famous French high stakes
player Jay and her sort of have history
wait so exactly what were what was it I
want to hear it verbatim exactly what
happened David was playing me
at400 and hit and ran and then left to
go play 51k hidden running is when
you're playing somebody and they win
some money off you and then just leave
immediately with no warning I asked him
if he was done and he never responds in
chat for whatever reason so I went over
and told him he had like he's too cool
for you he just doesn't respond whatever
so I got kind of tilted and called him a
fish in chat and Erica had seen that and
wrote a blog post what is she's trying
to say to you basically it's like you
are not allowed to talk to my man she
said I was a College Dropout who played
Magic the Gathering that's what she said
basically she called me a nerd walk up
to her and say I think I you an apology
that was all in good fun I never it was
good Queen fun it was good Queen fun I
totally agree but she took offense she
took offense no no no will get you
everywhere dude just go over and be like
hey now let's get down to business I
want to play your fiance until until the
sun doesn't shine this going to be
awesome what do you think's going to
happen Erica just [ __ ] slaps J just
like that is for Mr B yeah yeah yeah Mr
B says
hello hey Erica yeah hey you probably
don't know me I'm Jay Rosen cran uh
priny raid or pyramid online we have
that whole right
that how's it going yeah I just wanted
to apologize if you took offense any of
that well I appreciate the apology you
know after I said those things about you
I felt actually terrible because I don't
really want to have any enemies so I'm
really glad you came over because I get
sensitive to people picking on my
man I can't help it absolutely
absolutely yeah David's around playing
I'm around all the time so if he you
know wants to play yeah I'll tell him
you said that yeah let me actually give
you my card in case like he wants to set
anything up I'll be around I think he
knows where to find you yeah sure just
in case he want to call you just in
case obviously I'm not going to miss any
opportunity to let David know that I'd
like to play him she's got to be one of
if not the hottest girls in poker have
you ever played with her how would I be
so lucky as to have the pleasure she was
really cool we cleared the air so you're
going to get some action out of this
yeah any T anytime anywhere when we set
out to try to make $2 million this
summer we said that we would play as
high as possible and playing David Ben
you me is a good chance to play in a
high six game if I'm going to play him I
got to definitely go back and look at
some hands i' played against him and
sort of like dude he's not like he was
in 2007 I mean he hasn't proved that
much it it's no limit game if you play
him straight no limit I expect a blood

bath I finally got an email from David
he's going to call me when he's ready to
play getting a chance to play David
benyan again to good shot of getting
some high six action those kind of
matches will definitely help towards
giving us a chance to hit the
goal I prob you seven points you have to
get to 14 on 1K 73 my sir you know you
missed Eric at the pool yeah I heard she
was looking
good she's super
hot hey if uh if David's playing Jay
maybe Erica will play
me all four of us will play anyone heads
up so there's really no reason why I
wouldn't play Erica plus as a bonus
she's super
hot I mean how are you going to get Eric
to play you I just don't understand this
I don't know ask her she's going to go
up to a girl and be like hey play me
heads up in poker why not guess you
don't have anything to
lose game good game game you me

1K I'm going to take a look at hold a
manager and see if I have in this
database hands I played against him
Benjamin finally agreed to play me and I
need to make sure I'm prepared I mean
the one thing I remember about David be
you can Bluff him you just better bet
all three streets and like go all in on
the river that's how you get him to fold
I've been spending a bunch of time with
Martin one of my friends who's also a
high six pokker player let's watch this
I remember this hand this was 2 years
ago I check raising with Jack 10 on
queen24 and he three bet and I jammed
and he folded and
showed that's dirty that is pretty dirty
someone's written an article on you
playing him I guess I did call him a
fish in chat well that was back in my
younger
days exhale left hand down right hand up
and
stretch breathe you need to prepare
yourself for these big events physically
emotionally mentally inhale through your
nose forget about the game forget about
everything outside of this moment oh my
hamstrings my hip flexors let's just see
if you can lift up your leg
bring your right leg all the way out see
eventually you want to get to a point
where you can do this come on left leg
up that feel good bring it out all the
way oh god that hurt too bad I think I
pulled the muscle Benjamin's not doing
this if only he knew how yog it up I'm
going to

be just let me know if youall have any
questions
absolutely these are obviously like
pretty sick they're
$2,000 buy them just because you can the
Italian leather with the crocodile or
The Anaconda and the 18 karat gold there
you go oh my God this looks sick I'm
like afraid I'm going to break them
somehow man that fits pretty perfectly
what do you think Brian how do it
look a five I mean Brian probably just
you know doesn't think there's that much
value to owning money it's meant to be
spent I'm thinking about buying $2,000
pair of Sho it's only $2,000 I mean they
look really really nice they're really
sick shoes problem obviously is when
would you ever wear those imagine if you
went to a club wearing 2K sneakers and
the bouncer stops you and he's like hey
I can't let you in you got sneakers on
you're like are you kidding me do you
know how much these sneakers are worth
so for now Brian yeah just doing the
$100 shoes if however I win 40K if I win
in a day I'm coming back for my 2k

shoes this is ridiculous just
waiting David Benjamin said he's gonna
call but he hasn't called yet been
sitting around waiting and waiting but
you know what it's worth
it I'm playing Erica shonberg oh heads
up can't say no to a beautiful woman
absolutely not so how do you think I
should play against Erica probably very
loose and aggressive you think she's
going to be tight of course I think
she's going to be a total wimp she
probably thinks she's better than me
yeah CU I'm anline cuz I'm an online
player and she's a live player she's you
know you know even if they disrespect us
I mean it's nowhere near the level of
disrespect the internet kids give to the
live players true which is warranted I
mean they're pretty much universally
terrible at all forms of Poker maybe
she'll impress you you know unlikely
yeah Brian really doesn't think this MCH
is going to amount to anything or it's
very important but worst comes to worse
I get to hang out with Eric scherg for 2
hours

what the I woke up looked over at my
phone and I had a Miss call that David
wanted to play at 6:00 in the morning
what the who's playing poker at 6:00 in
the morning not

me stack his
ass oh baby look at this

hand oh hey
Bam everyone is is crushing this week
and I just been waiting play Benny me
preparing to play him and now it looks
like I'm going to get stuck with the
penalty St I don't think David Benjamin
is ever going to play me he called me at
6:00 a.m. at Miss call I mean he we need
somebody to be waking you up in that
situation no I just need to keep my
phone near I didn't know he was going to
call at 6 a.m. of course you didn't why
would he call at 6:00 a.m. that's like
intentionally calling somebody when
you're certain that they will not be
home to like leave them a message and
like pseudo avoid them going be really
angry if it doesn't happen yeah I think
it's kind of L me
too if I don't get this match I am

screwed I woke up to a Miss call from
daveid benyamine at 6:00 in the morning
and I've been waiting all day for him to
call again for him to be ready to play
he's trying to like completely
demoralize me and make me wait so I'm
easy picking for him but I'm just not
going to wait any longer

you want to do 2000 yeah t I'm playing
ER heads up no limit buying $2,000 not
exactly the highest stes it's still
poker against really attractive girl
good luck in this one though oh my God
Donnie's going to lose this one are they
always like this Donnie uh yeah I guess
so it was a little bit nerve-wracking
playing Erica with all the guys around
if I lost they would give me help for it
I just want you to get buried primarily
do you guys talk a lot of Poker around
the house or people always ask me if
that's like what David and I talk about
I'm sure it's not what you guys talk
about you have a different sort of
relationship than we have with each
other so
I you have a girlfriend or I don't have
a girlfriend how old are you 22 I think
I'm a little bit older than you Dy come
on come on you guys stop interfering

come

on nice hand
Donnie Er When Donnie plays at our house
he wears these cute little pajamas they
have foies they do they do they're like
fuzzy on the bottom J's playing uh dve
Benjamin or fiance heads up when when
are you guys starting can you play in
like an hour yeah he'll probably be at
home waiting for you we should go

home band was finally ready to
play when you've just woken up that's
not exactly the ideal circumstances to
be playing Super High six
poker playing Benjamin was my first shot
at playing really high stakes this
summer so there there was no way I was
going to miss this
opportunity you he just
sat I'm about to play
Benjamin we're playing for like an hour
on one table I assumed we would play for
a lot longer but you take what's given
to

you in the first part of the match I ran
pretty well
nice I was in a couple of decent
situations two pair baby then I had a
good sense of benin's playing style
passive went a pretty big po yeah he
reloaded Oh I thought he reloaded if he
got
stacked uhoh damn then I ran into a
really bad run of cards Ace Jack versus
Ace Queen on ace high board
hurt I ran a big Bluff on him early on
that didn't work out
when he had trips dud Jay you okay I
rivered three of a kind I bet and David
mallan wow now this is getting
interesting it was one of the biggest
pots of the session but based on all my
preparation I knew I had to make a
really really tough fold that is not
David's buff spot
dude wow chug chug chug chug get it them
all I got into a huge pot where I got
all in with Aces versus Jack nice Jack's
not
good a it's
ridiculous he had Jacks and spiked to
Jack on the turn you know that's the
break
sometimes man you had a ton of monster
hands
Unfortunately they all lost the hours
running out and David started playing a
little
tighter was going to be tough to make up
ground snap
fold I think he's done
L
60 you know I was hoping this game would
be my chance to break out for the summer
but it just didn't go my

way okay let's do the tally got a meal
this looks pretty easy
27.2
.5k Donnie
plus 11k Jay won $1,000
the match against David Benjamin didn't
go his plann sucks the summer is not
getting any longer so our total is

487 Jay was a little bit of a [ __ ]
about the penalty stunt last week so for
his first penalty stunt we're going to
make sure we give him something good all
right Jay what's it going to be number
one you perform at an all mail review
you got to strip down and gyate what
number two you have to dress up in a
adult diaper and get a big bottle and
walk up and down the strip and ask
minimum 25 women if they are your
mommy number three you have to go door
Todo around the neighborhood and tell
everyone who answers the door that
you're a registered sex offender you're
required by law to tell them

so have you ever done anything like this
before no
no going to be exciting here is the RX
dressing room
awesome man what's going on J how's it
going Angel me what do you guys got you
got to show me something you ever dance
before I can sort of like you know do
the
let let me do something cuz we have to
warm up for the show you
know this you know so a real man you
know and we pump the musle you know the
girls when they right right right just
pump a little
yeah you don't dance right now you just
P the

mus with the left hand and
eight good good

good feel like I need a spray

tan that Jay J J's on

next it came out with uh you know four
other guys I mean L obviously it was
absurd I mean he was stroking a

hammer J Rosen CR male stripper

extraordinaire I thought Jay's menx
family son was almost embarrassing to be
at they took me under their wing like I
was I was born to be a man of act dancer
he I think only had to do one ended up
doing like three or four acts and had
like a great attitude about it he's
playing with cards but tonight he's
about to play with you

girl despite this being a penalty
stunt I'm pretty sure Jay had more fun
than anyone else in that room he did get
a dollar in his boxer briefs you are an
official man of
X excellent ah thanks
on the next 2 months 2 million one of
the boys wants to party all
night they're jumping on our trampoline
see this is the benefit of having a
trampoline while one wants to take it to
the Limit Dam first hand baby how big
was that pot meion now 8K welcome to
online poker and one wants to give up
and go home I think say the 2 million
start concentrate on a smaller goal why
would we achieve a smaller goal you're
acting like poker's unbeatable or
something 2 mil is very very difficult
not even close to
unattainable on this episode of 2 months
2 million weary from a string of bad
hands the guys decide to hit the town
you look so cool but has Jay folded for
good a sick of Poker right now it all
starts
now welcome to Las Vegas where fortunes
are made on the flip of a
card these former high school math w
are four of the best online poker
players in the
world they've pulled their money and for
one high Stak summer they'll live and
play
together their goal two months 2

million I definitely call I definitely
call Snap call he bets to turn every
time with an Ace and it's like
questionable that he would even bet a
king on the river cuz he's such stupid
fish we're through 4 weeks we're only up
160k which obviously is not on Pace for
making 2 million so morale is kind of
low right now why do we say snap call
and snap fold I think we should start
saying even faster speed of light call
and speed of light fold czy or like mach
five fold I don't know dude mach five
isn't FAS than the snap snap is just a
moment in time I actually think mach
five is faster it's faster than the
speed of sound so it has to be faster
what are you talking about snap is a
moment in time it's just it's like a
quarter of a second sound though mock is
a speed is a measurement of speed mock 5
is a measurement of speed okay how could
be sound five times the speed of sound
five times times the speed the sound
travels what does that mean what do you
mean what does it mean that what is
actually moving the speed of sound what
is moving the speed of sound finger what
are you talking about your finger
obviously speed of sound I'm sorry
Donnie but I graduated college the speed
at which your finger moves snapping of
course the sound moves at the speed of
sound it's a sound all sound moves and
mach five is five times as fast so
obviously mach five is five times as

fast we're going to put a mask on today
okay Jay's been playing a ton of Poker
lately I thought it might be a good idea
to check out a spa maybe let off some
steam do you have cucumbers in your eyes
too I am a martian last two weeks have
been really brutal for me and I've
definitely let the losing affect my play
definitely been struggling with the
question of why I'm not focused I don't
understand I mean if you don't have any
interest in doing it then then then
don't play Jay's a little stressed you
know he's been whining a little bit I
very rarely have pure fun playing poker
anymore but I mean you know show me a
guy who gets like you know an RNR type
experience out of playing poker and I'll
just show you a losing
player I'm just saying that it's like
just hard to meet any normal girls like
normal girls no normal girls from all
around the world come they just may not
act normal so I'm saying you can meet
them for 3 days norals I'm not talking
about I'm just meeting them in Vegas I'm
saying when you're living in Vegas for
two months since I've been here I've
noticed that the morale has been low in
the house kind of want to change things
up and want to take everyone out told
Donnie and a meal that they have to
bring dates you're going to find a date
don't worry about it so I guess Cassie
had a date night plan you know meeting a
nice girl in Vegas it's easier said than
done it's hard to meet a chick you can
bring home to Mama yeah well I mean
obviously I'm not trying to bring home
to M he's making excuses how hard can it
be just walk up and say hi I'm a 20s
something millionaire and I don't have
an arm growing out of my head let's go
take some

shots are you all a poker player yeah we
all play poker except for him he's a
prince from Dubai you're a prince from
Dubai s Mission basically is find some
dinner dates some respectable young
ladies to go out with us if my older
brother dies and my father passes away
then I would be like insulted basically
is doing is doing the Dubai bit yeah he
just told the girl that he's fourth in
line for the throne em and I definitely
help each other out when we go out being
the two single guys in the group he
tanner than me how are you guys T in New
York I'm
Indian are you
really Neil he kind of treats his women
like he treats his food he's really
picky but when he finds something he's
into he's relentless neither my mom or
my dad has green eyes it's a recessive
trait have you ever taken a genetics
Class A genetics what genetics
glass like in biology we went remember
ped
squares Playboy is totally different
than like every other like porno mag
they're like completely in like a class
of their own Donnie on the other hand
not quite as discriminating Greek girls
are great great anybody like get married
on a drunken whim yet if she's a legal
age and preop
she's pretty much on the menu where are
you from I'm from San Diego you guys
come chill and have a drink I'm down as
long as the action is there with the
shots the action always there don't
worry would you like to come to dinner
with me tomorrow I guess give me your
number so Emily
spelled oh I got you I got you I got you
em got a date I got a date yes night was
definitely a

success yo where's br
it's massive game I went online when we
got home and I found a huge high stakes
game oh my God tell Brian about this
game it was high stakes PLO and Brian is
by far the most experienced out of all
of us at that game you want to play it
are we playing yep oh man well here we

go all right we're going to be all in oh

man money bam first hand baby he's doing
it all from the comfort of his own home
welcome to online poker I'm feeling good
about this shot okay okay get out of
here with the superstitious
garbage those calls now it's really a
ship we want more money in the pot we're
all in well obviously we're all in we
got the show SP ball PA GES hey maybe we
have the best stand against Gus though
hopefully he has like 8 n 10 three or
something consider oh wow fours and
sevens though ah damn and he's got Fades

too how big was that pot I mean you know
80k all
right we're 40K less

Rich there's no poker player so good
that his confidence is not affected to
some extent when he loses 2
million no problem Rob
Bank shut up GR
give me a smart ass I think we should
start say the 2 million start
concentrate on a smaller goal why would
we achieve a smaller goal just had two
losing sessions now you're acting like
poker's unbeatable or something no I'm
acting like two some confidence I'm
acting like 2 mil is very very difficult
it's not even close to unattainable
every time I think about it just tilts
me let's make a deal from now on we're
not talking about the goal at all f

power tab is 5 grand 2/3 of it was the
sparklers cryst all, 1400 a bottle 1,400
a bottle balling when you meet a girl
you're both kind of drunk sometimes the
next day doesn't turn out to be as good
of a situation as you thought it would
be we're going to have a contingency
plan when I pick up this girl I'm going
to send somebody a text just in case
there's something wrong with her so I
can get a fake phone call so I can be
like oh it's canceled why you chipping
we're sure she's here
right you met her I know you're
wasted I called Megan the next day and
left a message and she called me back so
are you down to do this dinner
tonight yep bye she came here for
professional reasons right she's
auditioning for some shows here my
daughter one day was like oh I'm I'm
done with college I'm going to go to
Vegas to audition to be a dancer at some
shows I wouldn't even let her go yeah
just repress the out of her no dance
then she'll just go really crazy then
the more they were about and then as
soon as you turn your head they're like
cutting
themselves
yo feels like it's been like 6 months
here already I can't believe you haven't
exploded yet from drinking so much and
going out so much dude I'm a tank yeah
you are you are you are I'm so sick of
Poker right now it's like being in Vegas
and also not being any able to get
anything going I don't know I think I'm
going to go home get my head on straight
I know like right now I'm supposed to be
like yeah man take a break it's good for
you and poker to take a break and
everybody always says that but I've
always felt that's the dumbest thing in
the world you need a break you need a
break go home and see your family just
come back recharged and uh ready for you
know five nights a week of
partying right now that sounds horrible
I can't even imagine that sounding good
again but yeah maybe me losing is
bringing the guys total down a little
bit maybe they would be winning more
without me maybe they wouldn't maybe
they need me but we'll

see Jessie yeah oh I think evening we so
tonight M and I have our dates with
Megan and Emily the girls we met at
Playboy club we were going to pick the
girls up and then take them on a
helicopter ride and then take them out
to dinner with Brian and Cassie

man so we wanted to do something fun and
sort of ridiculous for the date so we
talked to Striker king of ridiculousness
ladies and gentlemen welcome to my world
Striker VIP style enjoy please don't
barf and if you don't like the trip uh
you can't actually open the door and
walk out okay cuz there's a long drive
what I can do for these guys is anything
my motto is the nicer the nice the
higher the price high
five oh sick
yeah you put those on they look so cool
oh yeah I thought the helicopter ride
was fun but the headset was kind of
annoying the stratosphere I love it
that's awesome timing you know I hope
Emily was impressed by the date I don't
usually take girls on helicopter rides I
know exactly who you remind me of big
who Sex in the City have you seen that
yeah big oh kind of
yeah all right another cheers this time
we'll cheers toed one
y
red yeah what do you think of getting
you have any idea no because I'm only
looking at the prices and it's making me
like nauseous oh stop don't worry about
it I think Megan was a bit a struck I
think she made some sort of a comment
about how her entree cost more than her
rent probably the most expensive thing
I've ever had in life is like $100 for
two there's stuff in here that's $100 on
it own looks amazing thank you thank you
thank you thank you what's that that
looks like the C you look like a crab
wow nice nice
Zinger no I liked Emily she definitely
uh kept up an interesting date do you
know what Kobe beef is I'm not really
familiar with it I've just eaten it they
feed the cows like beer and they like
give them massages n they are happy cows
yeah they are I want to be a Kobe cow
Kobe beef cow this is so good could not
have imagined it being any better than
this so good should we get the check you
want to get the check I the girls
probably never seen anybody gamble for a
dinner tab before not like we do at
least pretty much 100% of meals we
gamble on who pays for it which card is
safe left or right left left does not
pay thanks for dinner you're welcome I'm
sorry good hey so much time doing it
this way yeah Megan was a bit concerning
about the bill she's seem like a really
nice sweet girl maybe she's going to
have to work on that she wants to live
in
Vegas after the dinner we went and hung
out with a bunch of Emily's friends who
were in town and decided that everybody
should go back to our house to hang out
and drink jumping on our trampoline see
this is the benefit of having a
trampoline you ready
yeah you ready

yeah the night went really well you know
I had a great time time and so did your

meal
three what well there's a will there's a
way I just screamed for a three and I
got a three we both had a good time with
our dates but like most girls that you
meet in Las Vegas Megan was only there
for that night Megan wants to come back
to Las Vegas I Told You So invite her
back
dude she is really really
hot you want to see a picture which one
eress there got to be something wrong
with her she must have some sort of
disease she's got like super hot

disease I grew up in New York in comac
Long Island my parents are still there
okay here we are it's not the rips how's
the s been been crazy losing a lot of
money lately no one's really getting
along Donnie's going out a lot and I
don't know it's a bad atmosphere did you
go see any shows or you just doing the
poker poker the whole reason we go to
Vegas over the summmer is to play poker
and make a lot of money right and no one
really wants to do that this summer
everyone's sort of distracted my mom she
doesn't really have a clear sense of
what I do but she's always able to to
somehow put things in perspective for me
so here's my thoughts on the matter it's
only a game what's the worst that can
happen you lose it all and be sleeping
here that's fine anytime you want to you
want to come no thanks no offense I say
goodbye to that twin bed a long time ago
if you should make the $2 million here's
the only thing that I would like my
request let me guess bu metal on tickets
right Barry Manalo tickets all right you
got a deal all right front row front row
you're wiser than I thought you were I'm
very wise I'm wise to you if you don't
get those berry mow

tickets what's happening I really got to
concentrate right now Chef got home
loaded up some online poker saw luck
Express somebody I've played several
times in the past been losing a lot so
we got to come through with a win here
yeah all looked like a pretty good
opportunity to get the weat going in the
right
direction oh
yeah oh we're all
in all right we won doubled up this guy
Lucky Express is from Italy is he a fish
yeah yeah he's a pretty big
fish we popping queen single suited
here ooh nice flop end up getting it all
in on the Flop and the guy has Jack Jack
108 on Queen 97
yuck what's up what's going on we're
getting
Bo I was dealt King s

suited the fop came 345 rainbow the turn
was a king giving me top
pair brutal jams all
in I mean I got a call

King King

ball okay we lost 104k who

youpr you got heads
up heads up too far but you want 100K I
mean what are you going to do the
reality is that this year hasn't been
going that great for me I mean it's
nothing I haven't dealt with a million
times before been losing always GL
hurts way more than winning feels good
winning never feels that great usually
feels more like a relief that's you know
something everyone deals with you can't
just expect you know to constantly win
that's that's just not going to
happen it's not that bad it's pretty

bad we're not having such a good summer

all right guys it's tally time this is
officially been a really bad trip AAL
before now I just like really mediocre
but now it's just bad I'm just going to
obliterate people just wawe Jay put up
whopping numbers this week looks like he
played one session and won
$1,000 just that the one person that won
one onek all right what about this one
guys shut up
Johnny yep Group total for the week
sorry guys negative
128 a Brian pound stun is going to have
to be something
special going home was good but coming
back feels even better and there was no
better time to come
backbrian you have to go down Fremont
Street with a big sign that says free
hugs do I have to hug people or can I
just hold the sign you have to hug
people obviously what about something
that involves him having a fake curly
mustache though she has to perform
somewhere what about performing standup
comedy with the fake mustache he doesn't
mustache if he's doing stand up comedy
it's already I think with the mustache I
think with the mustache too I think
we're going with this one stand up
comedy for

Brian ruining your night on the town you
just wanted to come to club and have a
drink you know what I'm saying cuz I'm
crazy I'm a crazy man I'm crazy man
sorry my bad how many couple minutes one
or two minutes all right you tell me
when to come I guess maybe I was a
little bit nervous I had eaten in like8
hours or something and I remember
thinking to myself man I should have
eaten I'm going to be jittery or
something like that you know so I guess
maybe I was nervous cuz I wanted to give
myself the best chance I don't
understand
it you guys ready for your first
comment give it up for the baby funny
Brian Roberts Make some noise for
him yeah what's up
Bri I'm Brian just found out I was going
to do this um 3 days ago later that
night I'm playing ping pong with my boy
John you know I've been to a few of
those comedy clubs bro and let me tell
you couple guys come up there and
just
bomb you're like this is so sad you
start resenting them they're totally
making you feel bad for them and now
you're feeling bad about yourself
because hey you know am I being too
selfish am I being too in consider it
should I be more caring about him or
more caring about me for having a night
out you know so you hate each other you
resent each other it's
disgusting I want to introduce you to my
boys over here actually they were kind
enough to give me this opportunity to
get up in front of all y'all this is a
me don't be a little [ __ ] this is our
house vegetarian what the do you eat
seriously I've been living him in 3
years I have no clue this is Jay right
here with the glasses say hi Jay Jay
does not know how to do his own laundry
I was really burnt out on Vegas on poker
but being here tonight makes me realize
that there's really nowhere else I'd
rather be this summer in Vegas with my
friends trying to make $2 million all
right that's my time
y'all good night guys I know we're going
to be boys for Life give it up for Brian
Robert

on the next 2 months 2 million welcome
to boot camp to re-energize their game
the guys run a poker boot camp we're
basically going to cover absolutely
everything H the
stri oh my God but maybe it's the guys
who need the basic
training why is it necessary and you
have so much reverified odd fact that
you're going to win
more was not happy with my fellow
roommates business attitude and a meal
gets ambushed

oh on this episode of 2 months 2 million
the guys lose their cool open the door
along with their cash who lost this guy
and you have so much reverse and odds of
was not happy with my fellow roommates
it all starts
now welcome to Las Vegas where fortunes
are made on the flip of a
card these former high school math
whizzes are four of the best online
poker players in the
world they've pulled their money and for
one high stake summer they'll live and
play
together their goal 2 months 2

million well how hot do you think it is
right now like 110 no it's not 110 you
think it's maybe 100 right now it's not
prop sure you take the over on 96 how
much we betting 500 ooh wow what it says
it's 90 come on that's a
lie so we decided to rent some dune
buggies ail opted to basically sit
out he didn't want to get sand in his
eyes Jay's stuck I mean this is why this
sucks ride around for 2 minutes and then
you get stuck it is logical but you're
still being a little big [ __ ] I think
my life expectancy right now without
water is probably like 2 hours tried to
buzz by him and give him a little
playful spray you know you [ __ ] oh
no unfortunately it
backfired need some help hahaa keep
laughing Mr vatal you little [ __ ]
serving right clearly I was the smart
one deciding not to do

this this is ridiculous
we were not that excited about our poker
results we haven't been playing Super
High something's got to be done I got us
another student for the boo time who No
Limit Soldier I've been coaching poker
for years and I found that it really
helps me focus on the
game nice pants I'm seriously freaked
out right now why I don't know if I ever
seen you not wearing
jeans Brian is freaked out that is
freaky everybody needs to reenter so
hopefully a little bit of teaching will
bring everyone back to Earth he's
wearing pants yo Pokey the panda has
signed up for boot camp Pokey the panda
Y when didd you talk to him I don't know
while you're finding new
pants they're like so soft yeah I know
they look pretty
nice break up in pairs I'm with' Brian
it's like not even trying our boot
campers are due to arve today but this
house is just disg Grace like look
there's a full beer in there here's an
Advil I'm going to eat this some Advil
that's one sitting out it's
expired what is all this know where it
comes from I have no idea oh God nasty
everywhere there's like a lock of hair
in that trash what where did that come
from where' what come from that wasn't
there before though oh my God disgusting
absolutely CEST look at all these bugs
right here too what is going on here
like okay I'm going inside now now we
need to clean that up though enjoy
that welcome to boot
camp teaching other people how to play
in many ways helps your own game so even
though you know we're helping out these
other guys it definitely is going to
help us get back on track what's your
name where you from what's your screen
name I'm Harry I'm from New York project
please okay um har I I mean I'm not
going to scream all right go Harry just
attended his high school prom it's only
in poker can you meet somebody who just
graduated high school and was already
richer than his parents I'm Dave NL
Soldier schnettler that's how you yell
Harry Dave schnettler is also known as
No Limit Soldier I'm Vladimir from
Germany Insider Vladimir is Russian born
lives in Germany now he's coming to the
US for the first time Ben from
Manchester my screen name is pokey the
panda Ben is from the UK and he is a
high stakes British po player now we
begin boot camp pretty much to
everything in the house just help
yourself to it you know unless you see
like piles of money you know you can't
you can't help yourself to that the
first thing we did we wanted the guys to
get comfortable with each other and us
so we decided that it'd be a good idea
to watch each one of them play
individually just hang out and talk
poker in the War Room what have you been
doing since you've been here losing
money I'm down like 100k live came to
boot camp to get better at poker I
almost didn't come because the day
before I lost like 100k I basically
decided to drop down to like 510 and 10
20 as of yesterday Harry came into boot
camp D swinging his confidence was kind
of at a low no pressure these guys

up oh man oh jmch awesome wow he makes
it
1450 Harry hits a straight on the turn
he's got the best possible hand and all
the money goes in nice
the board pairs oh my God unfortunately
the board pairs on the river and the
other guys got pocket nines for top Full
House Harry loses a 20K pot I was very

sick it just sucked cuz it was the first
day it didn't feel good somebody jump in
you want to jump in do it I come to boot
camp to improve my Pok game what
happened on the turn over gotcha I'm an
okay player I make too many mistakes I
think Ben is probably the most
experienced of the group how many hands
do you play a month usually not much
like 20,000 20,000 I'm just trying to
figure out how you respond to frequent
three betting I think in general 56 off
is not a good hand to be three betting I
mean it's fine I don't agree it makes
perfect sense why why does it make
perfect sense I mean if you if you want
to be three betting a certain percentage
there's just better hands you can do it
with once you show down King why is it
necessarily and you have so much reverse
implied odds fact that you're going to
win more pots
effec playing higher States you're not
playing higher Stakes what are you
talking about I was not happy with my
fellow roommates business attitude on
day
one you're talking theoretically like
don't agree at all that I set up this
boot camp to get us back on track now
Brian and Donnie are arguing constantly
the whole thing is a

mess okay all right
I mean something broke so wait Harry how
did you get into po actually it was all
my mom's fault I asked for money on a
poker site for my birthday what do your
friends say I mean you're 18 you have
like more money than your parents it's
very weird with my friends are you going
to college I'm definitely like it's
definitely in my future to go to college
but I'm not sure when you should go to
college we're not saying you need a
degree to get by and right son what I'm
just saying don't don't throw away your
opportunity to have some fun the thing
about playing professional poker player
is like it's not a profession when
people ask me like what do you do for a
living you know I say poker but they say
like do you work I should say no of
course well hopefully within the next 10
years we'll be big enough that I won't
have to do anything well I mean I think
for most people it'd be pretty boring
not doing anything of course I'm not
doing anything really now and I'm pretty
happy all right you guys want to sit
down the first day boot camp Brian and
Donnie got into this irrelevant argument
about poker Theory today it's time we
get back on track we're basically going
to cover absolutely everything whether
it's like strategy or like tilt control
Brian will teach you how has the biggest
ego in poker yeah that can't be taught
all right would anyone have any
questions like on what you want to do in
the next few days I want to learn how to
deal with like the bigger swings for
sure there a huge fish play I don't want
to feel like I'm going to get crushed by
guys like you yeah it's all about state
of mind I mean even the best players in
the world I see them make like
ridiculous mistakes all the time just
like stuff that's almost funny and we're
not going to learn how to beat then
we're going to learn how to think so
that you can out than
them
vomos first we're going to be analyzing
hands from the past spotting mistakes
and bad habits it's ridiculous H yeah I
was like what the do I do here I was
play scared a bit it's like way worse
pod ODS than you're used to dealing with
but if you call and lose not like they
chop your head off or whatever you just
lose the
money OMG
we're also going to play side by side
and show them what it takes to beat
anybody this is another spot where you
just got to bet the turn it's probably
going to check with with most of his
range here what are you doing if like an
ace comes and he bets calling calling B
someone's three betting like 30% that's
a I agree I mean Brian's a lot yeah I'm
awesome like
that and boot Camp's not just about
playing cards put this on and follow me
when using this the Tilt room we need to
suit up we're teaching them how to
manage their poker life Ben's a good
player but he's a little timid maybe
some tilt therapy will do him some good
I like to think about all those hundreds
of thousands of dollars that I've
lost all right your turn enjoy go nuts
oh my God I hate him so much it's okay
to be on tilt embrace it I was thinking
of this one fish that I've played before
he's taken quite a lot of money from me
like 50K
probably nice I have not got over those
cars Moy Moy
Out
Boy how you feel now pretty D

good let's
go it's crucial to get away from the
house out of the war room so we're
taking all the students out for night on
the
town unfortunately Harry's underage the
kid just went to his high school prom so
we had to get a party bus yo Harry we're
going to collect a bunch of girls and
send them to the bus yeah we're going to
bring some girls back for you

awesome wow this is awesome you never
been to a club with bottle service
before this is what it is T C T cam so
us all right d the first girls we're not
even going to talk to even grab them and
just take them to the bus just throw
them on Harry yes this no this is what's
going to happen we're going to bring
girls back and we're going to talk to
them and Harry gets like the leftovers
you don't like that idea come on dude
that's the best
strategy I'm going to go bring some
girls back all right

good this is
Donnie too Vanessa to me too this is Ben
right
here we helped Ben out with poker and we
decided to help him out with the ladies
too you know what his screen name is
wait yeah it's Pokey the panther Pokey
the panda panda why panda I like this F

I think the conversation was
F put your arm on her back and just
start massaging her back
immediately do it Ben was a little shy
at first but he gained some confidence
as the night moved on

our buddy is all alone on the bus he's
18 years old so he's sitting there
weighing all by himself so we found a
couple girls and we sent them over
what's up what's up how's the club
boring good where are you staying oh the
plazo plazo how do you like that it's
really nice I got a suite there so are
you by yourself yeah nice

okay so guys this is

Harry it was a good day for boot
camp I a long time as a bonus we made a
few

friends oh gentlemen what's up grab a
chair and let's kick some ass so last
stay at boot camp and it's time to take
the kids on a little fishing
trip how could you bet that much makes
no sense looks like you're destroying
him I mean that's just so
bad oh my God look at what he just

did I'm up like 20K 1020 what CAD a just
made another huge
Bluff Donnie you lost to this guy how
did you lose to this guy it's heads up
no limit it's like there's a lot of
variant I don't know if you
heard somebody just asked me if I can
see their cards coaching is absolutely
what we needed to reignite our game the
magic is back it's going pretty nice who
knows it could turn into a 500K

day so before you came here how much did
you lose 100K 100 yeah good times know

something that's important to realize
about poker is that that the bad that
you feel from losing is far worse than
like the good you feel from winning
agreed losing 100K hurts a lot more than
winning 100K feels good yep that's just
the way it is but you should definitely
go to college it seems to be the overall
consensus you know if you're not careful
you definitely can let poker sort of
take over your life and really isolate
yourself just think about it this way
man if you play poker you don't go to
college next year like who do you expect
to be like your friends down the road
what are you going do stay at home
everyone's convinced I need to go to
college and they all know I'm going to
like try it I'm going to have like a
good time but I'm going to drop out
that's just what's going to happen you
should going grind poker living in your
parents place my plan is to not have a
plan and uh just try to make a bunch of
money good luck Harry son thanks Doug
remember don't forbid A3 off it's 35
suited it's different

should one of you hide there I I'll hide
behind the car as soon as he walks
outside we're slamming the door shut why
would you want to prank a meal why not
he's a Sitting Duck it's almost too easy
what's he going to do run over run
around the corner this is what's going
to happen comes outside I pop out on the
megaphone tell him haha [ __ ] start
pounding him run run
run runs this way you guys exactly
listen one person like in the bushes
over here and another one over here when
he comes around so true and don't fire
until you have a good
shot Brian make

sure hey this for being the biggest
[ __ ] in
Vegas get him Brian get him

oh oh he caught one oh my God I hit him
Square in the
face I feel a little bit bad about it
are you kidding me open the door Jay got
me pretty good but this is far from
over we're going to crush we're not
losing this the final boot camp lesson
is to pit the campers against each other
in a single elimination heads up
Showdown I think they'll play pretty
nitty cuz they'll be afraid of losing
we've already randomly paired up final
losers we'll be doing the penalty stunt
take them out take them out just te them
apart kick ass first two draw and play
each other that's Ben the B Harry the H
let's do this Harry being competitive is
really important the top high stakes
player we run so bad you have to be
insanely aggressive
nice maniacal almost Diamond No
No Yeah Boy you lucky
bastards next up was Dave and me versus
Vlad ail come on heart yeah boy boy of
course after receiving my expert
tutelage Dave scored a quick and
decisive victory over Vlad
yes so now it's done to V the versus Ben
J we got this I know me's game really
well I've destroyed him every time we've
gone up against each other be a 10 on
the
river momentum focus focus no

mistakes let me just sit
Vlad yo Vlad just don't say anything
Vlad Vlad what do you want me to
do you want you to fold I think A's
telling the

truth owned just owned your ass he just
owned you down to one wow L's going to
do the stunt can't say I'm not rooting
against the meal a little
bit this is so high stakes this is
absurd
here we
go oh come on fors come

on no sense your shoulders tightening up
it's come down to Ben and me versus Vlad
and ail everybody's body language that's
actually playing right now is just like
dear God
please here we
go oh come on for you need Vlad to win
the ch
yeah good game you have play So Sick

nice I'm very happy I came to boot camp
I feel like I've learned quite a bit
just like correcting a few mistakes I'm
making poker could earn me lots and lots
of money basically here especially Brian
everybody would want him as a coach
besides Phil iy but Phil I doesn't coach
I'm definitely glad I came it's a good
experience it was a lot of fun I'm
pretty excited about No Limit
again this week has definitely
reinforced how much I love coaching
poker it'll always be a part of me no
matter what I do with my
life you how you doing Donnie I'm still
playing but I'm up 11k right now still
playing cuz we're telling right now as
of now I'm up 11k so put that up 19 here
25 here 10.4 here oh awesome we were
winning 21.6k win hold on ADD 7500 for
each of us we charge $7,500 each for the
boot camp that's definitely going to
count towards the goal plus 30 so 106
this week 106 for team Israel solid week
that's a good come that is a good
comeback that that gives us some
momentum so for 6 weeks not
enough I mean come on we got some work
to do I'm with you do it

so the penalty stunt for this week is
you have to dress up as can join twins
with your partner and do the hula hoop
on Las Vegas Boulevard for tips donate
to sub right donate to se right oh my
God any non a queen on the river and
that's you let's see some

hooping it wasn't the greatest cuz the
hula hoop was too big and we couldn't
actually hoola so like just looking
[ __ ]
go anybody feeling generous today they
need money for separation surgery what
about you penalty stuns we should call
them happiness
stunts everyone had a good time Donnie's
betting like a th% with girls my name's
Donnie by the way Donnie donate
separate everything helps ladies and
gentlemen everything helps guys oh it's
a
miracle on the next two months 2 million
oh when lux's not being a lady God damn
it can the guys find a lady to get lucky
with a lot of girls here there's a
ridiculous L of girls here boys look
what I have Haw cougar oh my God you
like older wom
yeah but have they lost sight of their
goal oh you want going to lick that
that girl scared

me welcome to Las Vegas where fortunes
are made on the flip of a
card these former high school math
whizzes are four of the best online
poker players in the
world they've pulled their money and for
one high Stak summer they'll live and
play
together they're goal 2 months 2

million did you need a few more minutes
to look go over the menu no I think
we're good I want a bagel unlocks I
might just order like five things do
your pancakes come with pure maple syrup
yeah can I get some mac and cheese on
the side please sliced apple with the
skin on please ooh grilled grandma style
pizza I'm going to go with that you're
having pizza and pancakes at least some
of everything you order don't worry do I
want something else do I want something
else also I guess the berries on the
side can I get the fruit smoothie also
and I think that should be good so this
week deces crack is doing charity
Connect 4 Tournament we need some
housemade support Deuces crack.com is
the poker training service that I
founded and this week we're running a
charity event $400 to play in the
tournament and all proceeds are
benefiting the Lily CLA Foundation which
helps kids with ner genetic disorders
you want to help with the menu what are
we going to do about like the
nonvegetarian food chef chef chef can go
with you okay Chef go with you I will
definitely do that I'm in charge of food
with Chef don't get shrimp cocktails
that sucks we want to get girls because
there going to be a ton of guys and like
poker pliers we need to find
girls what am I supposed to do just find
a postive girls who come like hang out
with you during it you
know what about for you you should
produce a rap song produces crap a rap
song I mean it was natural that they
assigned me the task of meeting the
rappers I'm kind of like the rap fan or
whatever around here here's the problem
with doing this it's going to be awful
it's going to be so stupid it's going to
be brutal I don't know about rappers
from Vegas and that's a bad sign all
right I got an idea let's break into
teams this week and have a little
competition between the two teams see
who can make more money oh yeah last
week we made 100K but we're nowhere near
the goal and I don't want to lose
momentum Jay and I should split up for
this
one you just got Ted
I'm waiting to hear why cuz you suck a
poer you guys 2 million on my own so the
biggest winner gets a 5k watch I like
that so this week we decided little
added incentive that the biggest winner
gets 5K watch from the other three guys
do I want to watch yes do I want to beat
the other three guys at poker oh yeah

definitely last week we finally had a
good week again we won 100K so right now
hopefully this watch bet Will Keep Us
focused and keep us moving
forward stack Magister Ludy he's mad at
me I'm going to ask you a tough Star
Wars trival question
okay what species is
Yoda is he a human and that's how he
aged I will give you two more guesses I
mean if I don't know it it's not like
I'm going to come up with like alien
name for what Yoda is something you
could guess that's a big hint
is he the same species as somebody else
in Star Wars
no am I supposed to know I then you give
up yes his species is
unknown that was the most [ __ ]
trivia question I've ever
heard bam I might be uh pulling away for
this
watch CR can we speak with you for a sec
what's the budget for the food 5K okay
so right now we're at 55 00 and we
didn't get dessert we should give some
cookies you know people like
that okay here we have we got brownies
yeah Runway we got chocolate dip
strawberries chocolate truffles okay we
don't want chocolate dip strawberries
chocolate truffles cookies we're not
trying to have sex with anybody okay get
rid of the beef Sates bring in the
cookies and the puff pastries we're good
okay thanks guys yeah you have like
moisturizer my arm is like all yeah I'll
get you some

the booth is right back here I'm
supposed to meet up with a couple local
rappers we've got into contact with Bo
their Studios on strip club R couple
bullet holes in their heavy duty back
door yeah so I'd be good no matter
what we're doing like a Connect 4
charity tournament yall have something
that's like you know a track you've
already done we have a few original
Beats and I'm sure we can make an
original song I mean yeah want to go
through yeah definitely okay

this is J but like this is kind of like
I don't know like a club song kind of I
think we need something that like people
are going to be able to like clearly
understand and like sing they're going
to be singing along to the hook by the
end of the first when y'all come out
hopefully so what kind of ideas y'all
got for the hook though I mean it can be
whatever y'all want to do but it there
could be like a really simple breakdown
where it's like connect for charity
connect for for the kids something
clever like that you know you can just
do your thing and then like throw some
like poker innuendo or something in
there you know I mean they only have 2
days to put this track together can't
say I'm not somewhat concerned but
hopefully it's not
whack what kind of piece do y'all wanted
me playing short stacked ha against
Lucky Express just don't let me lose
more than 10K I'll take 1020 wor I'll
take 250 you can lose as much as you
want this is a man who robbed us of of
104k two weeks ago Brian lost 100K to
luck Express so it's time to win that
money back yo uh just wanted to let you
know we're going to run a little bit
late to dinner we have luck for us heads
up here we
go boom sh we got a

pair is he still in for 12 no he
reloaded we're owning him now Brian
opened a Jack and got rised and called
oh oh baby turns another Ace
W Brian went all in for about 10,000
more with trip Aces I like his play of
course his play is
awesome Flawless in the house Brian
caught him
bluffing well done Brian on the board
I'm competitive about everything but
especially poker if there's a favorite
to win that watch it's obviously

me playing really new
oh hope he has Queen 10 I know bling
blang
blow white line in the house I just put
up a nice winning session if I put
together another couple of these I think
I'm going to be able to overtake Brian
for the watch so Jay do you know what
I'm doing today I'm searching for girls
for your event for The Connect 4 event
with guess who lucky chewy that's
amazing I kind of want to come with you

there's a lot of girls here there's a
ridiculous amount of girls here what are
we going to say to these girls going to
come to the tournament I'm probably just
going to be like hey what's up hey
what's up I'm lucky chewy you can just
call me Chewy that's more reasonable
yeah chewy that's what I say lucky chewy
is one of our friends he's another high
stakes online poker player you know
chewy may make millions of dollars
playing online poker but uh his real
skills with ladies we need a code word
for if a girl doesn't want actually
going to come so we don't waste our time
I'm going to say yo chewy let's go we'll
get some cheesecake okay the only
problem is that we're talking to some
girls especially some fat girls they
might just be like oh really I'd like
some cheesecake we're going to come with
you well obviously we're not going to
talk to that girls we might hey girl
what's up what's up guys what's going on
what's up ladies how's it going what do
you do I just
okay I just turned 21 in September so um
you guys ever played the game Connect 4
you guys ever play that game Connect 4
we're trying to get girls to come to the
party we uh we're sort of in a charity
Connect 4 Tournament un girls do I like
girls just ask Connect Four is not the
most exciting thing in the world to talk
about with a girl
connect no I know what you mean now
would you want to come play in a Connect
4 Tournament
no we don't have to be in checking into
new hotel chewy you want to get that
cheesecake yeah all right that

wasable King
please get
Legend you saw it just happened yeah
great this is great how does he have me
killed like that I don't know how he
runs this sick this is some
sick God such a
joke I'm running ins me bad yeah that
was just a disgusting

hand all
right what about those two cougars over
there that's like the cougar section I
say we go try it out you want to talk
some cougars I I would like to talk some
cougars leave the way C NOA hello how
you guys doing today oh my God okay how
old are you guys when you're 22 years
old talking to girls who are a little
bit older you you know 26 27 can be kind
of tough they put on the internet on the
internet mostly the internet how does
that work I don't get it you te yeah
sure then talking to girls who are you
know 33 34 they tend to have different
attitude do you like old woman I do I
do you a little nervous there what this
girl is not getting invited to Jay's
party she scared me oh do you want me to
Li that all no that's

okay yeah there's a watch I have my eye
on I asked my aunt who's a jeweler if
she could get it for me she emailed me a
couple days ago it's like 21,000 through
her or
something probably not going to get that
one as far as Brian was concerned it was
a foregone conclusion that he was going
to win the watch and Emil and I just had
to sit there listen to him and be a huge
dick I want something really simple a
leather band and a steel casing I want
to be like really like thin like low
profile and

elegant something you get away with
wearing life with a
suit I prefer Jager laquil TR but if
you're going to Tau I like an
IWC or like I think they have like I
don't know some other watches I like
there were like
p p
panai maybe Raymond wheel maybe

lene what up what up what up up Striker
chewy chew the man Striker nice to meet
you it was getting a bit late we were
getting desperate so we called Striker
we need some ladies okay what we're
doing is we're going to have a a charity
Connect 4 Tournament you guys have a
budget on what do you want to pay these
girls or any idea no we're not going to
pay them they're going to come because
we're awesome okay and he's been Vegas
once in his life twice this is my second
time yeah yeah I like his attitude I'll
go find some girls just imagine me as
the the chef I'm setting up a smus board
for you you tell me what you want hook
it
up this is Danny hello it's Donnie
actually actually Donnie sorry Donnie
Amy so okay so um this Thursday we're
having Connect 4
Tournament so you guys think you'd be
nice on
Thursday boys look what I have well done
you guys ever played Connect 4 I love
Connect 4 really I
do that make me a
door you know I spent all day trolling
around Vegas basically embarrassing
myself with lucky chewy and then out of
nowhere we found Alicia no I'm I'm a
nerd really I'm really good you're
connect my time you know Lea was great
the day all of a sudden became a success
I really wanted to come to the
event how was happening Manas the wind
blew in I sent Brian back to the rap
Studio to check on this song for the
charity event and I was a little worried
we were thinking about what you were
saying about the beat and everything
Drew and Tre were kind of thinking and
they actually changed the beat and
picked a different beat I was hesitant
skeptical tentative whatever more likely
than not they were going to be pretty
whack TR didn't put his verse on the
actual recording yet but he'll do itrow
you want to do it now all right let's do

it put on my face get it
in again
Ask
it they did a track that was just
totally specific to the event and hot as
hell to let's go I was pretty pleased
and impressed by that that was it hell
yeah this is why we connect no one can
do it better when we teamwork we take
them on together we take them on

together what time should we put the
rappers on we're on schedule God I'm
nervous now the night of the charity
event is here I'm a little anxious let's
going man I see you the Lily clar
Foundation helps kids with neurogenetic
disorders and they're counting on us to
raise a lot of money it's important that
the event goes smoothly right good came
through organizing the food make this
look good Brian's taking care of the
entertainment Donnie's in charge of
bringing the girls I thought you were
going to get them here I have confidence
in you girls are going to show up you
guys know why you're here so I'm going
to be brief we're playing Connect 4 for
charity high
stakes 1 2 3 shoot wow this is going to
be
intense that's a perfect one bring
it yeah I don't know what a meal's doing
I'm undefeated today by the way I'm
7even and0
I wanted to kill
him that's connect five
buddy what a [ __ ] wow Donnie went out
talked to chicks invited him all to this
party he got you know a bunch of chicks
that said they were going to come blah
blah blah even this guy we know who's
like a coner is introduced him to a
bunch of cocktail waitresses strip club
none came to the party

how are you thanks for coming good to
see you are you excited for a day of
Connect 4 I was really excited when
Alicia showed up she looked
fantastic blocking you in every
direction
sorry come on I thought you were a pro
at this are you guys like discussing
optimal strategies right now oh we are
we
are no no you go there next that's
definitely right cuz it forces me to go
there which a terrible move for me and
you got this nice situation so now you
think here but then you get yeah well we
decide that's not right so what's the
better

move Donnie looked like he needed a
little help with his date so I pulled an
audible and got the rappers on stage
ASAP hey what's up y'all we got some uh
entertainment to kick this off give it
up for tryo and zro price this connect
for charity y'all we're doing this for
Lily
who was chosen you know what the play
you're holding for in the field is open
what am I going to do put on my poker

face I'll be honest I was shocked how
good RA connect for charity children are
Pride we help make it better one day at
a time let's
connect the charity event was a hug
success Deuces cracked help raise over
$20,000 for the Lily Clair Foundation
emal came through big with the menu Ryan
pulled together incredible rap song but
Donnie didn't come through with the
girls so what are you doing after
am want to go out going to come to Moon
you're just like just go down why
not I don't know because most people
have to have it scanned out a few days
ahead that so
probably going take off you believe it
really Connect Four what can you

do hey Sleeping Beauty can you update
your totals I lost like 24 yesterday oh
thank God so I don't have to actually do
I don't have to actually play poker to
win the bet Donnie's been in a really
depress press State since last night
he's just been sleeping all day licking
his wounds on the couch this is his
dream
girl now she's gone doesn't seem like
anybody else is winning though so it
seems like that's good I was winning I
was winning every day until yesterday
what happened lost your
focus y'all want to hear what I want no
I could dra some pictures of some
watches that I like ooh that looks
pretty good but that's a metal bracelet
but I bet that comes with a leather
bracelet this looks like something I
might like reverso squadro World
coronograph Polo Fields and it's a
titanium and rubber see here Master
Grand ultra thin I like this a lot this
comes in steel also I'm going to send
you a picture of this just cuz it's
cool you know the only thing worse than
having to buy Brian a watch doing a
penalty stunt let's tally it up tally it
up all right Jay first yeah- 44.4k for
Jay 44k we'll round to the nearest K
okay for a meal is 19.2k 19k we'll give
him we'll round it so mine's looking
pretty easy plus
462 and
ansy 11,000 winner a loss 5,500 for the

group okay so now we're up 135 for the
summer Jay isting the penal time I had
another losing week the team had another
losing week time is running out for now
though going to do another penalty stunt

a hey baby where do you work out yeah he
has a skate all the way from Fremont
Street to Las Vegas sign and take
pictures with tourists when he got there
come on get a move on it let's go I can
crawl faster oh uhoh that was a scare
yeah J try to get a kiss on the cheek
from mama leave me hanging leave me
hanging there we go

go faster chug chug Chugga get in the
picture get in the picture bling blang
BL p is in the house somebody take a
picture with me ladies can we get some
kisses on the cheek welcome to Las Vegas
I lost a bet I'm falling backwards I'm
falling backwards Jay you only got to
get two more pictures two
more yeah that's a good
P see those sexy legs oh my God this is
ridiculous I'm going to hold your ankles
like a cheerleader and I'm going to grab
you this is just

ridiculous on this episode of 2 months 2
million the chips are down so the guys
go all in we do not leave this room for
the next 36 hours lock down lock down it
all starts lock down
now welcome to Las Vegas where fortunes
are made on the flip of a
card these former high school math
whizzes are four of the best online
poker players in the
world they've pulled their money and for
one high stake summer they'll live and
play
together their goal 2 months 2 million

any advice I told you I want that one in
the window we're not getting you a 50k
watch so okay you cannot come in we'll
surprise you so last week we made a bet
that the biggest winner on the week gets
a 5k watch from the rest of the guys
Brian won the watch so we went to torno
to go do a little shopping this one is
the one he wants is this only 6,800 this
one up here yep how much is this one
32,000 is you that good of a friend
no how about this B in mer yo you're R
like this right sure being the gamblers
that we are instead of splitting up the
5K three ways I just took everyone's
credit card and put it behind my back
and we had to pick one out for who would
actually have to pay the whole 5K that
hand is safe this hand is safe
yes sorry jay really yeah you're getting
brutalized this summer he was pissed I
just lost credit card Rel had to pay for
your laun every single time that was a
big one happy good day fearless leader
up in the air this this is dope this is
a
receipt I said when we get home we put
in some serious War Room

time oh my God we're coming off get
another mediocre week our results really
aren't up to the standards that we've
set for ourselves I'm up like 1K today
it's not good enough we need to play
bigger sit 5100 the biggest games have
been few and far between this summer but
when they're running we're playing it's
the only way we're going to be able to
make a big dent in the goal I got l
express what Stakes 2 400 yo how deep
are you we're 100 big bins do you need
money um ship me money just in case I
get
stacked I'm just sending everything out
45,000 Donnie let me 45k to play luck
Express Brian lost 104k to him but he's
a weak opponent and I can take him out
I'm going take his ass okay we have
faith in you
I don't think he's going to fold unless
the river

flushes I was Del HJ suited and he
raised to 14 or 15,000 I have top pair
lot of money in there let's just ship
this he's bluffing so often so I went
all
in hard for the course this summer he
had a six and had me
crushed a

Jack 115k Pot down the
drain tell me something good no not good
oh really we got stacked how much should
we lose 97.8

I wish I could have won me
too so I shipped Jay 45k so he could
play luck Express and he lost it sort of
way the Summer's been going for all of
us we've had a lot of opportunities to
make a lot of money and we sort of just
come up just short every
time if you want to be the best in the
world you have to play the toughest
players at the highest
Stakes it's a great spot I'm happy to be
able to play even when I'm losing
I think for all of us we're to the point
where we want to really challenge

ourselves all right Jens we haven't been
playing that much poker when we have
played the results been mediocre we
haven't been focused our performance at
the tables has been lacking I propose we
do not leave this room for the next 36
hours lockdown are you serious with this
we're not leaving that war room until 36
hours has passed or we win $2
million what are the repercussions for
leaving lockdown early be down all right
lock down or beat down Brian was in rare
form and he was having some brilliant
brilliant ideas I was on board before he
even had to say the word lockdown he had
me at lock stay in the war room for 36
hours what the rules play poker one of
one of us can leave at a time go to the
kitchen one of us can leave at a time
while that person is out in the house
can you leave the house anywhere if we
can't get action though at least one 36
exactly make money this
nuts lock
down my general strategy is to go up and
down every aisle listen to it Jay what
does it tell you smash me so we made a
decision that we're going to lock
ourselves in the war room for 36 hours
but before we do that we need to restock
the Tilt room hey this stuff smashes
yeah let's get all of them don't smash
stuff like that it's just going to like
create a disaster that's what the point
of the T room is you
idiot so we can break why do they have
like refrigerated soap and toilet trees
like why is Advil refrigerated let's get
some condoms let's get some refrigerated
condoms Jay what are you doing clean up
an AIS
9 hi Donnie
don't you want to Stack me this is some
quality tilt room stuff oh my God these
are amazing yo you want some dough it's
warm what is wrong with you you want to
smash dogs you're Jewish idolatry is bad

left right left

right dude
easy yeah who's paying
one two three shoot one two three

shoot yeah we're already at 163 we're
about to get 20 watermelons seem big
don't they that's what she

said there we
go Chef I don't know if you heard we're
going to lockdown we're not leaving the
War Room for 36 hours the idea is that
we're just going to play massive amounts
of Poker in the next 36 hours and put a
e week you guys can't come out at
all shf we're gonna have to be in here
for you know like 36 hours so don't give
us too much fart food the rules are
pretty simple we're in lockdown for a
day and a half if somebody needs to step
out of the war room the other three must
be inside if we want to make $2 million
it's time to get our hands dirty lock
down starts now you know what I'm going
to do since we're in lockdown I'm going
to play some tournaments I don't even
care what's running I'll play anything
yo I just raised them on the river oh my
God how do you feel about lock down
right now Jay feeling good I'm have 100K
day he's so aggressive lock
down I want to build like a tent from
here like up to the top of there with
sheets basically I wanted to build a
tent so uh some of us could sleep while
the others play poker and I asked 's
assistant Stephanie to help us at wow
what is happening yeah I'm very anti-
tent I don't understand point I didn't
really see the point having tents just
you know I have an eye mask so I just
wear my Mask wait how are these sheets
doing anything for us the idea is to
block the lights just go to Target down
the street and buy a
tent lock down come on guys lock down yo

Donnie what up pass me like a plastic
fork I need a
fork thank you I'm going to be ripping
farts all night I got a bean burrito JD
killer so Jay's been playing this guy JD
killer JD killer seems to think he's
pretty good he's not really very good
yeah let's play him all do it Jay come
up
lo oh my God I'm going to win a huge pot
he extremely loose very station very
bluffy just insane
boom that
dirty RAM and jam man RAM and jam boom I
think that piss me over 100k I don't
think I've ever won that much in that
short of a Time we need some really big
games with some fish and they those
exist they do I'm up uh
93.5k on the session hopefully I can hit
100K in the day haven't had one of those
in a
while Brian and Emil I don't know if
they think this is like a slumber party
and they're 16-year-old girls or
something but they were both in bed
before midnight you're going to bed yes
it's 11:20 Johnny iing hate you we're
going to be noisy before you go to bed 3
2 1 lock

down lock

down 64 but that was just in that
session you won like 110 today 113 yeah
bam softer please lock down bro sh shut
the

up it's 5: in the
morning which means it's 8:00 in the
morning on the East
Coast which means there's not a lot of
games going right now and
unfortunately this hour is when most of
the world is
asleep guess I can go to

sleep I woke up at 1100 I want to play
right away I was in the mood to play a
lot of Poker and ding to meal Sleeping
Beauties that they are did not share my
enthusiasm because I just got like a
bombarded by
action lock
down lock
down seriously we something up to Emil
and Donnie this is outrageous I think
this is like cheating yeah they need to
wake up and start playing poker you guys
kept waking me up at night I don't hear
any excuses from the guy who's been in
bed for over 15 hours
rock

rock I'm going to do some push-ups I bet
I can do more than

you
Chris what bring me some food Jay bring
me some lamp Toops the war started to
smell like a mixture of lamb feta cheese
and Donnie L chop
I'm about to play 200 400 I think
against viffer viffer is David Pete a
high six live poker player who plays
online as amosa we're going to be
playing multiple tables of nose bed
Stakes 40K buying win or lose this could
be the biggest game of the entire summer
he's
tanking knew it what is he doing no here
it comes is he serious wait what just
happened just called it off with 74
suited does he always play this crazy or
do you just like I have no
idea all right I'm about to get all in

really oh wow
seven oh
God can you [ __ ]
me as much as you can basic like 80 if
you
can viffer went on a teir and started
taking back a lot of my
money it's all good I'm going to turn
around right now Jay is in a really high
stakes game that can pretty much make or
break the summer for
us and he's getting

crushed get my ass K turn

around I couldn't figure out what he was
doing he was in my head I made a big
with an a flush
draw stupid
move

Dam there has to be a way to turn this
around I know I know I'm better than
this guy I just have to figure him out
I'm playing him until he bust my account
and all the money I can get loaned or
until he quits

I'm excited to leave lockdown 2 minutes
left guys maybe my lockdown might go on
a little longer than I thought it would
let me send my lockdown till I come out
of
winter sounds good to me sick you know
lockdown was supposed to be a way to
make money but right now Jay is just
getting crushed no
four come
on fish come on this session is going F

brutal
Jay is down about $200,000 right
now he's tricky he's really really
really tricky he's insane I can't just
ship I have to call and call I think I
have to be able to turn this around I
know that I'm better than this guy I
just have to figure him out dud whenever
he's betting pot he's bluffing have you
noticed that yeah notic that I was think
of the same thing
that he has a Bonafide bet sizing tail
when biffer Bluffs he bets big to try
scare me off a week can that's pretty
standard but by just clicking the pop
button rather than typing in a random
bet size he's starting to reveal himself
oh my God this is some true ridiculous
if he's bluffing here this is insane at
least I think he's bluffing it's going
to be expensive to find out this is sick
I'm calling that's I don't know what to
do it's crazy oh my God think I'm
calling after VI for bet pot for 64k
every part of my body and mind told me
that he was bluffing and I called with
my pair of
queens Oreo cookie Oreo cookie as a
poker Pro I trust my reads I mean I'm
going to test it out here
too oh oh my God be smart about it I'm
trying to like not exploit it every
single time
yes
nothing oh baby baby I have to bet like
hundreds of thousands of nothing cuz I
know he has nothing hope this just goes
on forever whatever he is in his account
I can take it all that's how easy it is
with this tail right
now this is amazing right now I'm
calling whatever
he oh my
God exactly
exactly man I tell is so Rock Solid dude
he could have a bottomless account who
knows how much money is in his account
I'm taking it
all oh here we go here we go I'm going
to try Brian I have two pair kings and
queens he's

nothing
300K
W this guy is crazy and his tail just
cost him
315k the whole summer was lost I cannot
believe this turn around dude I'm I'm up
like 400k on him look look
354 you think I should say something I'd
say something seems like kind of a nice
guy actually went on a 500K dancing to
me so I asked him if he was okay he
responded with diey in a grease

fire that was
insane that was really really really
insane that was one of the biggest glubs
I've ever had in my life I never want to
see this war

again we did a 36-hour lockdown in in
the War Room how' you do I lost 30k how
didone else do Jay won 350k playing Bier
don't kill me not too much I'm already
really drunk I am okay to celebrate
having both successfully tor ourselves
for the previous 36 hours and cence
coming through big for the team we're
going out to the bar to celebrate oh my
God we're going down it's all good
though I've been there before you want a
backrub no oh maybe later no maybe later
no let's go get married I'm just kidding
I'm kidding what a crazy 36 hours we can
get some more nosebleed action a $2
million goal doesn't seem so unbeatable
anymore
let's see how we did a lot of black a
lot of black this week first let's check
out our hero Mr Rosen CR in the house

handling his
business
35 one ball AAL consistency at least is

34k
winner let's see SLE math here okay
9,000 and Donnie 226 I love that's the

red one so for the week we got 3

71.4k okay so some for this for this
summer so far now we're up half mil half
a m i mean look you're picking up some
steam chugga chugga chugga nice job nice
work Rosen CR I'd say lockdown was
pretty much a success what can I say
sometimes my idiotic ideas work out okay
you know poker players are notoriously
messy and dirty people especially young
poker players and a Jones house is no
exception I don't know what those guys
have been throwing in that pool but it
is foul seriously Donnie look at the
plus side after jumping into this pool
you'll be exposed to so much bacteria
you'll never have to take medication
again you're going to go to India you'll
be like drinking the water eating the
produce for this week's penalty stunt
Donnie's playing 52 card pickup no this
is
cheating out of a Jones disgusting alga
Riden pool I think now will be the time
to start getting over whatever phobes
you have regarding this
pool dive in
you oh
God it's so disgusting these dog don't
work oh God oh God visualize not sucking
at poker
Ani A Jones Pool has been growing some
sort of like green slime toxic waste
it's so gross it's slimy it's like it's
covered in Sea
but it's a pool I like better
okay look at look at
him get the ones of the steps on your
way out dude yeah there's a couple on
steps right
here I don't see any

others I feel like a prisoner in sha
shank on the next two months two million
how close are you guys to uh to your
goal 1.4 million
away with time running out the guys
decide to bring the action home we
decided to organize a high stakes live
game at our
house just let it all ride this is crazy
but will they face defeat on their own
turf actually you're going to have to go
now we're going to have Novak kick you
out

welcome to Las Vegas where fortunes are
made on the flip of a
card these former high school math
whizzes are four of the best online
poker players in the
world they've pulled their money and for
one high stake summer they'll live and
play
together their goal two months 2

million oh my God look at that girl's
side boob that was some serious side
cleavage damn this girl is
so she's unbelievable you just want to
take an arti choke and eat it off her
what you're making me uncomfortable
right now dude yo check out that
lifeguard smoking dude I'm going to
faint drowning yes dare me pretend like
you're going to drown dare me I swear to
God excuse me we want get the attention
of that LIF bar so what do you think
about if we throw Brian in the pool and
then make him pretend like he's drowning
might be his only shot of getting her to
do mou to mouth to
him this is our last two weeks together
until we go our separate
ways time is running
out it's our last week in Vegas and
we're up half a million dollars but
frankly it is not good enough I'm going
to do everything I can to help us make a
final push to get as close as possible
we're at like a a little over 500k we
can double that we've gone on runs like
this before that is straight out of
rounders I know straight out I
know we all realize that there's like a
finite number of games we can play
online but I'm definitely down to go
play live games we can go talk to the
poker rooms and find out what games are
going we'll play anybody live or online
let's go to

war I have a good feeling about this I
don't know why right now four of us are
just desperate so we went over the Hard
Rock to try to stir up some high stakes
action D anger nice to meet you Don nice
to meet you guys so you need some action
we need some action that's that's why we
came to you I I hear I got some bigger
limit players that you know I I can
contact which players are you talking
about off hand well I know Phil Ivy's
got some time off a couple of the online
guys Tom DW yeah Tom he loves those
games I think they're all in town still
play with him first thing I'm going to
do is is get on the horn and and call
some friends who know some people and
then we'll go from there that's fine
bring him on you know not at a moment's
notice of course but if I give a few
days um we can probably get something
going fellas is a pleasure meeting you I
wish you the best and if I can do it
anything for you just let me know okay
all right well the mayor may not have G
well time will

tell oh wow I don't even know but I'm up
$4,200 and this guy at$ 510
I have H 10 I'm going all in boom he
called he has a plus TRW he hit it that
sucks let's get hitting flushes two for
two when all in with
them oh no he just hit a two out with
one to come all in I know things always
go so bad meanwhile oh my God he's Mr

nit booy Emil has been grinding out the
small steady winds as usual
oh damn I didn't even see this guy was
chatting you took my entire bankroll do
you want to transfer me $100 out of
sympathy it'll be good karma yeah I
probably s 200 but since he said it'll
be good karma I wouldn't send it to him
i' be like
no I don't think anything's going to
happen with that and I'm think hard rock
we need some more options we're like
Forest Gump before the storm happened
when he was a shrimp boat captain we
need the arc storm to happen run Donnie
run
brutal what if we set up a Lobby I mean
we have a nice house we could run it in
the living room get a poker table we can
do that the key is getting the people we
need some fish
man I have an idea I know where we can

go yeah close the
door all right so we got to talk about
getting revenge on Jay for playing that
prank on me are you kidding me
open the
door hey get him get him

Brian my
God you got to help me come up with some
ideas Revenge meals Revenge something we
could do in the backyard when he's
running laps all right I I got an idea
we'll have Brody get Jay to like run
laps around the backyard and me and you
hide in the bushes with buckets filled
with ripe tomatoes
Tomatoes not water balloons no tomatoes
Jay hates Tomatoes too so it's like
perfect oh my God that's
brutal the logistics of this are going
to be
complex it's going to be difficult
actually here's what we do we're going
to have one guy he's going to hide in
the bushes right there you know when Jay
comes around the corner by the samurai
statue he's
done see what lucky chew and the crew
are up to we went over to a Jones house
to find lucky chewy he's just coming off
a really big score in the World Series
of Poker and we wanted to see if he'd
play in our high stakes home game that
we're trying to organize what's up yo
look at this there are a pictures of
chewy giving air high fives in the World
Series let me see awesome what a champ
that's pretty good 18th Place that's
awesome is that how much did you make
500 di you should buy something to
commemorate it right away like a watcher
I already have a watch you have two arms
don't
you he how close are you guys to uh to
your goal 1.4 million away we did come
here for a business purpose okay in our
quest for stirring up more action we're
probably going to host a game in our
place it's going to be some legit high
high Stak game yeah I'm down I got
$127,000 in my backpack that I'm ready
to put into use
holy just let it all ride this is crazy
we got chewy now we just need a couple
more players to make this High Saks game
happen
hopefully I don't lose it
all so what exactly is it that I'm doing
get like a bunch of really ripe big
tomatoes that will splatter nicely and
put them in buckets and just like have
them hidden to get revenge at Jay for
the water balloon prank I'm setting him
up to be pelted with tomatoes and we
have this like slingshot we need you to
assemble where do you want the slingshot
to be located I don't know I mean I'm
just going to leave everything up to you
at this point okay in typical emal
fashion he didn't really feel like
dealing with all the details so he kind
of dumped it in Stephanie's lap I don't
think he suspects anything okay surprise
attack is the best kind yeah he's going
to be running for his
life I'm itching for fish it's like
somebody poured itching powder down my
pants I don't eat fish all day every day
for breakfast lunch and dinner breakfast
lunch and dinner baby I've eaten slept
breathed and drank poker every single
damn day out here this summer and this
is what it's come down to no more around
we're going to make some
money I ra there's a decent chance as
buffing but he probably has
Kings
Dam
damn
holy please raise I just want to re
ra some gamble
yes call call call call come on Dr olon
all right let me do my call dance do the
call dance do the call dance oh I think
I feel like he's going to f now
bam yeah I'm crushing how much you up
I'm up
50k we just stacked Harris MP at PLO and
we want to H po B and now we have Aces
and limit hold them we are crushing oh
nice D nice yeah baby

Aces let's get all the tomatoes set up
properly the moment of my revenge
against Jay has finally come all right I
think we're good I'm finalizing the plan
with Brian and Donnie and I also got the
guys from ajones has to help out there
any way we can fire like a test shot
let's try one like there you go that's
the money shot of someone we can hit him
with a
slingshot that's going to be awesome
they're going to Splatter it's going to
hurt all right we should we should get
in concealed positions I agree I think
we should just Crouch down like this if
I somehow get the timing down it'll be
the sickest shot of all time I really
hope Aon doesn't sh and then misses him
and hits us he's not going to hit us but
then we just have to just come in with
backup fire stay out stay
out think there's no way it doesn't work
out
ultimately coming so everything was set
Brody's going to bring Jay out into the
field to do some jumping exercises all
the way around the tree and then just
come back when AAL gives the queue we're
going to unload on that fool I see him
oh he's going to run the wrong way I
think you think he can see
us this is p back

put the Ark on
it oh that was not part of the plan yo I
need help I need back

up oh my God

I got a meal good I
saw it backfired completely on him I
told you all that was poorly planned why
did you set up the megaphone so damn
early should have like let them the
first tomato in the grill should have
been the morning there were guys heading
around that corner so was the right time
don't sit up the megaphone until after
he gets hit by a tomato obviously well
we talked about it and then ail handle
him the logistics and he didn't handle
him that well holy dude it goes so

fast I actually saw it go like this oo
shed like knuckle ball like in oh my God
it came up pretty high and kind of
curved around and I tried to reach up
the block with my
hand I just got pelted in the face and
it hurt a lot I was bleeding I think my
nose was bleeding it was not that fun in
a shower 's definitely not won the war
it's definitely not over I don't think
he'll be trying anything like that again
anytime soon

what time does this game start 7 and
it's going to go should go all night
okay why don't y'all fill me in on the
details 50k buying 100 200 100 on the
button with time running out we decided
to organize a high stakes live game at
our house this is the line so far good
to see you DAV Smokey and Gabe Thor and
David Williams backed out man when you
told me David Williams was going to come
play you're excited of course I was
actually at least kind of excited I was
like okay at least we're going to play
big with Dave Williams you know it's too
bad Dave Williams is a noow because you
really want to have some people in these
games who are willing to gamble he gives
a lot of action so he's definitely the
type of player you want in the game I
have 100K cash I have like 80 okay you
can't play with hundreds of thousands
dollars in your house nov's going to be
doing security oh and there's security
guard in every poker game and they've
all gotten robbed one certain young kid
actually got like a hundred in a laptop
bag stolen from him I I just don't think
you want to have a game in your house
unless it's between people you trust I
want to play you want to play yes you
know it's it's risky holding a high Stak
sash game in your home but at this point
one week left maybe we're a little

desperate tonight's our live high Stak
cash game 50k buying no limit hold him
how you doing man I hope it goes well
because this might be the last chance we
going to have this summer to play nose
bed staks I'm security here I will need
you here to take everything from a
pocket take everything from a bed okay
viffer was one of the first guys to
arrive Jay won 340k off him last week
can give me a favor just raise your arm
up so I'm sure he's trying to get some
of that
back also coming to the game is elki a
well-known French online tournament
player how you
doing and Andrew roel known online as
good to see
you we were going to start the game but
then there was a last minute
Arrival Day Williams showed up after all
he came in second place in the World
Series of Poker Main Event a few years
ago but in a game like this tonight he's
dead
money nice of you to show up Mr Williams
we appreciate it you know not making us
way too long how does that make you feel
David everyone's waiting on you to start
the game t on the fish because we were
taking a piece of each other's actions
only one of us could play a time Jay was
up first good luck
gentlemen playing live poker the pace is
a lot slower than playing online so
there aren't as many opportunities to
win big
pots in one hand I folded early and had
to watch elki take David Williams for
27k with Ace
Queen actually you're going to have to
go now we're have nov that kick you
out bunch of Reckless gamblers you guys
are in one hand David Williams was heads
up against lucky chewy and shoved all in
for
32k chewy called right away with nines
and sevens to
pair Williams had a pair and a FL draw
but he missed everything and chewy won
the pot chewy so never seen you so
quiet yeah I don't talk a lot when I
play I'm
out after David lost that big pot he was
finished
it was kind of disappointing to see him
leave I decided that I didn't want to
lose any more than 50,000 at that I was
just kind of done didn't really feel
like playing much more and you know
sometimes you got to know when to quit
on the next hand I finally got some
decent cards to play I had queen king
off suit on board of Queen 107 I was
heads up with Andrew I bet about 2/3 of
the pot on the Flop and he called the
turn was a six and I still felt I had
the best hand so I bet
7K and my plan to keep on
betting Andrew called putting the pot
around 22,000 there was a jack card I
didn't want to see didn't improve my
hand but could have improved Andrews
since I couldn't be sure I had to
check oh man Andrew fired at 13k top of
my range and honestly to call Andrew's
bet there it would be a losing play and
I laid it
down I me see one card he let me see one
of his cards and it was Jack I think I
made a pretty good fold Jack Jack or 10
you know I'm sure Jay played well but
sometimes AG just doesn't matter in
poker you can play as well as you want
you're not going to
win J I'm going to go good luck to you
guys ni man I don't know how many more
opportunities we're going to get to win
big pots lose the second pish our high
six game seems to be slipping away
it's a pleasure gentlemen David Williams
Lost 50k vifa won 11,200 chewy won 29k

in this house lost
30.7k we went through all the trouble of
setting up a game like that had a decent
shot at making some money and all our
trouble was for

nothing is that Thunder get your towels
ready it's about to get wet live game is
disappointing I'm not going out like
that come to me P J I can win a ton of
money off P J that's how I want to leave
Vegas a winner Queen

Boom I'm getting murdered

how's P J playing PJ's killing me
obviously it's so
frustrating I cannot string together
consistent wins and it is definitely
wearing on me J you think you can make
up ground playing this dude
no that quit CU I didn't want to bust my
UB
account do I care that I have to do
another penalty stunt do I care Rosen CR
rage no I don't care I care that we
didn't make $2

million the whole reason we come to
Vegas is to live together and make a lot
of money and this summer we're just not
coming
through it is tally time since we don't
have a red mark marker I'm going to have
to do it with these black I lost 3.2
negative
3.2 all right Emil won 53.1 Brian won
12K I won
47 we are
at
108.9 and that crushed it this week and
Jay started off really strong but then
he got a little tilted against P J our
big push fell a little bit short for the
total for the summer we're going to call
that a little over 600 how many penalty
sents have you done Donnie I've done
three Brian's done one didn't have to do
any penalty St this summer but he did
get pranked pretty hard so it's okay
this will be Jay's fifth penalty stunt
this summer and it's getting pretty
tough for us to come with new ways to
humiliate him I want one of those mini
tricycles and a flaming ring over the
pool yes yes that is so good you have to
be covered in
gasoline the other thing I would do is
I'd fight a real live panda bear do you
know how strong bears are
hey how about something with his Avatar
something involving clown

face oh my God for this penalty stunt
Jay had to dress up as his Avatar and
beg girls for money to buy a clown M
boom let's see your confused
look happy boy happy nice why you
talking to us go handle this hey girls
I'm just going to tell you my life story
I'm the Magnificent Melvin I'm potato
salad the clown it's nice to meet you
Belgian waffle the clown I need buy nose
any donation will help like a Rudolph
nose you probably need a shave too like
if you're dealing with children it's my
off day but the way the clown industry
works is that you have no credibility
unless you have one of those big red
noses whose idea was to to
you you have any change tell me get a
nose they're really really cheap could
you spare anything for me okay then beg
give you money you have to work for it
no how about this how about we rock
paper scissor for it I'll only give you
money if you leave us with the Dance 1 2
3 go all right you won one

yeah oh my God you're amazing will you
please give me a dollar
please thank you so much you so much
thank you thank you I feel so sorry than
you so much you got it
boom I need work it's all about the
hustle you know what I
mean on the season finale of 2 months 2
million with only days left I mean
technically speaking we could still hit
2 million the guys need a million dooll
Miracle we lost 93k unbelievable and it
all starts
now welcome to Las Vegas where fortunes
are made on the flip of a card
these former high school math whizzes
are four of the best online poker
players in the
world they've pulled their money and for
one high stake summer they'll live and
play
together their goal 2 months 2 million

is he for BL no a better question is
just pass double pot Jam middle pair for
value and the answer would be yes it's
only 3 days left clearly it would take a
miracle for us to achieve the goal at
this point O say o again and I'm going
slap

you do you want Checkmate was saying to
me when I was playing him the other day
he was like bitching and moaning about
oh M oh oh boy I got a huge fish on
Stars just want a 10K pot off this guy
that's a pretty good flop we got there I
agree I took five binds off them in like
10 minutes I'm so pissed off right
now
oh [ __ ] keep reloading 5K again I'm

tempted to raise this
guy oh oh no what the oh no what the

internet contivity Pro my computer's
running that's a joke the internet
doesn't work $5,000 pot heads up against
a huge fish and what happens blackout
come
on that's the first time that's ever
happened to me but fortunately the fish
was still there when I signed back in
this is like the nuts against him yes
he's going to do that like every time
that's that's like the worst card ever
oh my god do you win that's been
happening king that's been happening the
entire match like there's an awful turn
awful River card and then his hand just
gets M this guy's brutal you're have 20K
on him now he's going to check raise too
there's like no chance he doesn't check
raise this FL what why did it just froze
why did it just
freeze oh no here D close Stars close

star I swear to God Stars first the
power goes out then his computer freezes
and the meal is in the middle of an 11k
pot is ridiculous task manager control
up get me out of there I'm trying
internet just shut the computer down
what the dude it folded my hand yeah
that's brutal that's

insane good chance of winning a big pot

here oh my
God that's
it too tilted do anything this blackout
is going to cost me 50K is what's going
to happen

summer coming to an end sucks ass I
think I'm going to need therapy after
this whole summer yeah but not after
this whole summer just I think I need
therapy and there's a period
there the blackout was just another
stroke of bad luck compared to the past
couple of Summers that we've shared the
house together this has definitely been
the most trying summer yo we got to have
an end of the summer party farewell
party clearly right what do we need
patas pinatas that's the first thing you
think of look man we need food we need
liquor we need girls let's R an astro
band take over all the windows and the
back just drive around snatching [ __ ]
just pulling them into the car you know
it's been disappointing this summer
we're nowhere near $2 million it's
really disappointing so where are we at
2 months 800k 2 months 800k it does not
was not out of the 2 months 2 million
ring Vegas Mega Millie hit a mill come
on that would be respectable 2 months 1
million if multiples of us have some
huge sessions then yeah I've played so
much better this the past like two weeks
than I have the entire year seems like
whenever one of us is doing well
somebody else is getting wiped out just
have Brian's voice in my head that's a
mistake even if it doesn't work it only
has to work 1% of the time he only needs
to fall up 37% I mean come on Brian just
did an impression of his own
voice did is that how I sound pretty

accurate all right Chef so we were
thinking we were going to have like a
end of the summer bash we're going to
try to get everyone we know that is in
Vegas plus just everyone we don't know
that is in Vegas basically I didn't like
burgers dogs and wings for the food okay
something else I wanted talk you about
in the party I don't know I was
wondering maybe you wanted to sing a
little bit Chef's a pretty good singer
he's actually an ex- recording artist he
do talk about it much I guess he's kind
of a humble guy you know but Chef can
sing yeah yeah I I I do want to sing um
and I will sing I make sure we have a
good PA and a good band sure awesome
yeah if you know who to talk to oh yeah
then let's do that I'm looking forward
to this yeah yeah Chef singing
debut this part is going to be
sick B moves come on here shoot it oh

the post who you inviting to the party
I've been talking to Amanda girl from
shattle oh the motorcycle girl yeah the
motorcyle girl I think inv her but
you're inviting Alicia too you invite
both of them am I married good for you
Alicia is a girl I brought to the
Connect 4 Tournament and there's Amanda
who is really hot and rides motorcycles
I'm torn who to invite to the party I
just have one word for you what
Minaj that's going to I have
blown a chance set a three so many many
times many times spin
move I mean I can invite both of them
it's not a big
deal

you c x at 500 good luck it's one of our
last warm sessions and Donnie's in a
match versus the infamous KX 2 while
Brian is playing playing lar Zach who's
one of the best No Limit holding players
in the world is that three of a kind you
have you three bet b b check called nice
I'm up like 15K boom ran just shipped a
what 40K F it's just 35k I didn't know
bam back CAD X it ain't over till the
fat L things and this could be the
session that we've been waiting for the
whole summer I'm just going to go start
packing because we're making the CH
million right now after tonight our work
is done

a damn Stacks CAD X nice trip's almost
over and Donnie and I are playing what
might be our final session of the summer
things go well we can put up some pretty
big numbers for the team yo anything we
need for the party we got to let
Stephanie know today we need girls girls
yeah we need girls so go um go to the
market and pick them up like 30 50 yeah
the finest stock of 30 dozen 30 dozen we
should devel like an IQ test for them
though if they pass they can't
come oh my God in an insane hand against
LS how did this go for bet and bet twice
obviously I'm playing against Lars Le
Zack one of the best young No Limit
players online
wow half my life I rais de five Seated
on the button flop second pair six plays
I have de five turn goes Check jacket on
the river a five making me free of a
kind he bets out I call him and he has
four five for the Full House kind of a
microcosm of the summer I guess just
haven't been running that well how's it
going Brian terrible terrible doesn't
even begin to describe
it just take it l you greedy bastard
just take
it guy he's just
I I can't figure out how why I can't
beat him normally just call here versus
99% of opponents I just don't think
always Bluffs he literally never Bluff
ra he never Bluff rais he doesn't Bluff
I think he's like sitting there with his
feet up on the table like eating
macaroni spilling it all over his sure
Gars doesn't care he's like sitting
there on like a giant pile of money with
his feet up like R nonchalantly clicking
he has nothing he just like shrugs and
insta fold the
Flop I have to quit this is just too
tilting this is just too ridiculous we
lost 93k
awesome unbelievable

I got to get out of here Brian's match
was over but I was still going I was
playing three tables against
cadex this the highest Stakes game I've
been playing all
summer you were massacring this guy I
ran a few really big boss at work bam
stacked bam 31k PS C you know right now
I'm up a decent amount of catex and I
can walk away moderate winter but the
Summer's almost over so let's go big or
go home 3100 and

right this way oh they should make these
trees lower you know all right hey how's
it going this is shorty hi Mr Shorty
we're going to throw the craziest
farewell party that Las Vegas has ever
seen in our backyard so I need to
audition the entertainment and since
Brian just got crushed I invited him
along what I thought I could do for the
party was do some juggling stuff if
there was music going I something could
get into the dancing a little
bit all right guys this is Carrie she's
a balloon artist hi hi that device is
for blowing them up it is there's not
other people looking down upon you for
not blowing your own balloons no no I
blow other things it's okay oh my god do
you trust me n yeah I mean marginally so
but I have no fear of death so go ahead
and juggle above me as please I need to
um measure you is that okay that looks
pretty much bright oh yeah Raise Your
Arms I'm pretty familiar with this are
you I mean raising my arms oh not a huge
inflatable oh that's that's what I
do so there you go that's for

you
hold
hold bam stack him again Ace King say
say the clubs right ace King and I went
all in he showed down a pair of
queens bam damn that was a big pot that
pot definitely had me a little nervous

how much anticipation this building
inside you right now seriously this is
like more hype than Star Wars episode
one that is a giant

steak okay what does it eat she eats

people woo

bam nasty that CX and a 45k pot awesome
wow you're buding him now huh you up
like five buying since I left yo how
much are you up on it like 65k my
session against cadx has been going on
for a couple hours now and my stack is
almost at 100K and they have 100K stack
after his hand i r raed cadx with 89
suited and I flopped two pair and I
decided to check raise all in how did
this go down this
bam oh you take his money you take it
and use it for your draging Donnie had a
big session it's good to see the
youngster crushing like that I mean
honestly I was impressed 71k bam this
was a long summer for me there were a
lot of ups and downs a lot of downs it
felt good finally just to put up a huge
number on the board Bam Bam Bam Bam

what's happening man everything's going
good so what made you come back in last
time I was here I said if I ever made 40
in a day I had to come back to buy these
shoes and I got there and then some 40
in a day that's a year that's one year
at work earlier in the summer I saw
these $2,000 Nikes and I told myself I'd
only come back and get them if I had a
40K day can't believe I'm doing this
that day is today the Anaconda skin with
the in leather and a 18 karat
gold what's my mother going to
say you're stunting on everyone right
now you got a stack on each foot I mean
I can't say they don't look pretty dope
$2,162 0 cents there you go man thanks
for lot
man nice
boy feel like a million
bucks time has come for our annual
backyard rager welcome to the mansion yo
Brian this is Valerie hi Valerie aome
meet you we invited a bunch of friends
what's up baby and Striker brought some
girls there's a lot of peeps here I
think it's more fun for
us where my little brother the center
stage is Chef see that guy on the drums
that's our Chef here's a little song we
wrote for my little
brother and we brought the the chef
dancers the Su Chef hey little brother

sexy chefs were sick Chef's the type of
dude fly dancers are probably just same
old same old to

him these guys inspire me you know the
lifestyle they live the way we've
connected I just got inspired to write a
song from the first time ipped into the
room I knew that was just to sing this
tune you got this so smooth just like
fine wine you spend

,000 you guys are awesome man thank you
Chef that was man that was pretty
awesome watch this fall down the stairs
my
God my God M was just ridiculous with
the variety of girls he was entertained
through at the party I don't know what
to say I guess Las Vegas party got to go
go falls out did you get a tour of the
house yet no I would I would love a tour
did you get a tour of the house yet by
the way NE took it upon himself to show
off the crib to basically every female
that showed up this is the War Room
what's in there Jay and I flew our
computers out from New York actually so
these are like our setups from home
that's an attic oh my gosh that's so
cool I didn't even know there was an
attic man that's that's thorough you
want another sangria did you bring your
bathing suit are you girls ready to go
to the pool are you ready for the slip
and slide too are you going to take part
Mr Relentless for

nothing what are your doing tonight no
plans yet who's Amanda hi Amanda nice to
meet you meet I ended up just inviting
Amanda to the party Stephanie is our
personal assistant it sounds absurd but
it's it does it does a chef a personal
assistant that's a lot to have yeah you
know she definitely was not impressed by
the extravagance or the decadence
pretty cool this is my station that is
your station yes this is so unnecessary
it's nice to have some like Amanda sort
of snap me back into perspective of what
the real world is
like thank you for coming all right good
seeing you thanks for coming dude I'll
see you probably next time in Vegas
later all Jay we're definitely doing
late night volleyball like last year
mean I definitely don't want to leave
leave Vegas I want to stay here forever
but uh there comes a time when you just
got to go back to the real world the
party is com to an end yeah I saw some
crazy in Vegas this summer I saw this
kid who went to the Planet Hollywood
Buffet wearing just like a pink leotard
and tutu then week after that I saw this
other guy wearing like a pink dress
playing the harp on Las Vegas Boulevard
that was
you he did that he got
me I had a lot of fun with Su a lot of
fun this is definitely my best summer in
Vegas this is definitely the best summer
of my
life all right Gentlemen let's see how
we did this week we got A plus 101 and
this is a marker that doesn't work you
got you got to push it down okay there's
obviously no ink in this
thing let me see let me say relax man I
know how to do it how how you do it you
think I don't know how to use markers
let me show you there's nobody you've
ever met that has more experience with
markers than this that's for sure let me
show you get away from me just give me
the mark why you going crazy give me the
mark good nuts get that red marker out
of here all right no red markers in this
house that's -
75 Emil King grinder
34.8k how many losing weeks did you have
this summer two and here's Jay who
basically broke even put a donut up for
Jay for a grand total of 60.8

a third of the way there whatever not
bad still a respectable total I think
team Israel out CR I'm a little bit
frustrated that we didn't make the goal
I don't think we prepared well enough I
don't think we had a game plan that was
flexible enough to get us all the way
this summer I'm a little bit embarrassed
by my results didn't do as well as you
know I expected of myself some people
winning 600k would be good but we
definitely just have higher expectations
of ourselves I guess another good thing
would be to do once you're done packing
is to just like do like a quick check of
the two closets okay I think it was
definitely a fun experience trying to
hit a really lofty goal like $2 million
and I would definitely be down for doing
it again the World Turns of Poker begins
a new next June and the four of us will
be there trying to win $2 million I like
our
chances it's all over Brian yeah Vegas
is over so where do we see each other
next Neil what do you doing for
Hanukkah I don't know we need to meet
again to light the huki uh Hanukkah
party at Mrs Stern's house yes all right
we're going to go on the line top three
moments this summer starting with Brian
after I chug
this he's chugging it you got to dude a
you were almost there you have bad
drinking technique I mean I'm not only
put half your mouth on it don't the
whole thing that's how CH out of a
bottle man what is he doing always with
the peanut
gallery low lights were probably every
hangover getting bludgeoned every time I
played big I busted my cake account that
sucked I busted my UB account that also
sucked and I had a piece of both of
those highlights how about the double
date and after party the double date was
really fun that was a good night forgot
about that one the end of lock down
having my boys support me as I took down
viffer every moment of my life is a
highlight baby
cheers tomato revenge is up there but
how could you not put the pancake
birthday on there I would put the
pancake birthday on there if it didn't
sound so damn cheesy that's unbelievable
that's like a slap in our face you guys
didn't tell me to shave before I got
there what you didn't even want to go
you didn't even want to
go man come on okay Donnie you're next
Brian don't interrupt him it's not my
fault that you people can't talk and
listen at the same
time seriously for me and some of my ilk
that is absolutely standard to wait to
say something before your friend
finishes
talking yeah how does that work how does
that work you don't have to wait until
somebody finishes the end of what
they're obviously saying to respond
sometimes I mean you do in like certain
social instances of course when it would
be impolite hey Brian what shut up
